truth: well seems like it could be funny though i never particularly was into the popular crowd in high school .
prediction: yeah i am a big fan . i am a big fan of the movie and i am glad it was a good choice .
truth: the reviews are good . i am familiar with jonah hill . he played in a few other comedies .
prediction: i think it was a good movie . i am not a fan of movies .
truth: what is your favorite scene from the movie
prediction: i wonder if i ve seen the last time it was a good movie to watch .
truth: lol . fair enough . do you recommend it for all ages ?
prediction: i like own it on on tv i think it would be it because it would be a good date
truth: i think the boy injured him
prediction: i think the dragon was a good movie . i am not sure what else has you seen it ?
truth: when did the first movie come out originally ?
prediction: i agree ! i loved the third between loki .
truth: that sounds interesting . they are both excellent actors .
prediction: oh i think i ve heard about that . i am sure it is based on a book . it is an american fantasy .
truth: cool ! did you know the film was number one in the box office for 8 weeks ?
prediction: i would definitely have never seen the movie we are supposed to .
truth: absolutely . it really felt like it was more about timing than UNK a riveting portrait of the events . even the sets felt a little off .
prediction: to the message of the post and humiond this
truth: es del 2016 ben affleck is batman henry cavill is superman . amy adams is lois lane gal gadot is wonder woman
prediction: i think so are good
truth: robert downey jr . and gwenyth paltrow . it also has jeff bridges
prediction: it s a historical drama based on the effects of the recent then
truth: i think that robert downey jr . was a solid choice for the main character .
prediction: i agree ! i think the character is my favorite . i did not really liked the UNK who used the bad guy .
truth: oh yeah i love that movie ! jim carrey is so funny .
prediction: i have not really liked bruce almighty .
truth: he is so funny .
prediction: i am a fan of spielberg s movies
truth: who are the main actors in the wolf of wall street ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: how about jaws ? a scary thriller
prediction: i am doing sure . what is it about ?
truth: does she eventually become okay with it ?
prediction: i think i might have to her her out .
truth: i am not sure how long the movie is .
prediction: the movie is set in the middle and the other music
truth: mine is blank also
prediction: i agree page crime is blank 2
truth: yeah that defintely sounds to gruesome for children to see
prediction: oh attack . what is the plot of the movie ?
truth: he is a good actor but i am not sure i like his real personality and that kinda UNK into the character with me .
prediction: i like that it s a dark movie
truth: and of course this movie focused on the corruption side which was wildly entertaining
prediction: i think it would be as well
truth: seriously
prediction: i do not think i was thinking of the characters in this movie . i do not think i would have to see it again
truth: i am not sure . it was released in 2010 so there may have been others released afterwards but i do not know
prediction: it s stand stand year old and its a comedy of a comedy .
truth: interesting . are there humans too or just the animals ?
prediction: i do not know about that is
truth: yes it was called a plain terrific bit of family entertainment .
prediction: i am not sure if it s based on the snow queen .
truth: it s been at least 5 years .
prediction: i would have to agree . i did not remember the movie . i ve always been a few times .
truth: i like ryan gosling . he is a good actor but i heard that it was a musical . is that correct ?
prediction: what is the movie about ? i love ryan gosling . he is a good actor .
truth: yeah but this was a good movie .
prediction: she s a good movie .
truth: the name of the movie we will be talking about today is frozen
prediction: the movie is called the wolf of wall street
truth: i am ok
prediction: good how are you ?
truth: have you ever seen this movie ?
prediction: how are you ?
truth: yeah me either she kind of creeps me out .
prediction: i am not sure she is a good actor .
truth: even though the revenge UNK .
prediction: i liked how she was his portrayal in the office .
truth: there isn t any blood UNK that violent
prediction: i think the movie is good but i do not think ages
truth: they are !
prediction: vector is that a guy movie ?
truth: yes which is a good thing . they should do a sequel showing what facebook has become .
prediction: i like the critic too .
truth: were you confused at all that it was a prequel ?
prediction: i think i will watch it again
truth: he s one in a million
prediction: i did not know that world was in it
truth: they were but satire UNK real life .
prediction: i am not sure if i am not sure if that is about it .
truth: yeah . . i like the concept of getting into dreams n stealing information . . .
prediction: oh ok . what was the plot about the movie ?
truth: can you describe an exciting scene in the movie ?
prediction: oh wow . apparently the title is out the main characters .
truth: i have seen bits and pieces . my kids own this one and i think part 2 ? on dvd
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen it but i have not seen it but i have a lot of good things
truth: it is a 2010 best movie for me and david fincher masterpiece
prediction: i think the movie was great
truth: i have not
prediction: i have not seen the first it was a great movie .
truth: it stars jesse eisenberg as mark zuckerberg who started facebook .
prediction: i did not like it .
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: yes i agree watching it .
truth: ugh yes . i really did not like it . i mean ben affleck is okay but i was not a fan of his as batman .
prediction: yes i do
truth: sounds like an interesting character tobey played
prediction: i think i would have to say who was in the movie
truth: so i do not know what you are talking about
prediction: he played the one on the world he was not trying to be UNK and UNK them
truth: right ! ! i thought for a bunny but it could be because she is a woman . lol
prediction: i like that it s a political thriller and it was like it to be a good movie .
truth: thanks
prediction: emma stone is in this movie as well
truth: it is full of smart jokes that parents will catch but kids wont
prediction: i think i will watch it . i would probably like to see the movie .
truth: no not with the themes presented
prediction: is there any famous actors in the film ?
truth: russell brand and jason segel are also voice actors . it s a
prediction: it is one of the best animated movies ever . it is one of the best animated movies .
truth: UNK pretended my toys came to UNK when i was little . i had a potato head .
prediction: i think that it would be interesting to see these toys and tim allen as well .
truth: i ve watched that movie too .
prediction: i have not seen that movie yet .
truth: i am sathish
prediction: i am good .
truth: so . did you watch batman vs superman bvs for short last year ?
prediction: i am doing sure
truth: im good . how are you ? have you seen this movie ?
prediction: hello !
truth: wonder woman
prediction: the movie is home alone
truth: hello
prediction: hi !
truth: did you get a document ?
prediction: have you seen the movie the blindside ?
truth: hi ! have you seen dunkirk ?
prediction: hello !
truth: i might check it out when i have some free time
prediction: yeah i love him
truth: the story is about a man named sebastian who is passionate about jazz and he meets a woman who is UNK by his talent
prediction: i am not familiar with that but the ratings are good .
truth: there s a sloth named flash which is a comedic take on how sloths are incredibly slow .
prediction: oh ok
truth: stars roy UNK
prediction: i like the paragraph and the story of the story
truth: what did you think of vector as a character ?
prediction: that is a good movie for they made for children adults too .
truth: does not list it ! bet it goes on forever .
prediction: i do not have the runtime of the movie i am sure . i am sure i can not see the movie .
truth: i prefer jim carrey over steve carrell so i might be a little biased myself .
prediction: i like morgan freeman . he was good .
truth: ive never seen that type of coming of age film and it wasnt as predictable as the others
prediction: i am a big fan of the characters as well
truth: someone says it was slow at the end
prediction: i agree . i wonder so many of the names in this movie ?
truth: yeah he was i wasnt so sure at the beggining but then watching him act
prediction: i agree it was great . that was the best part of the film .
truth: no never seen it
prediction: i have not . i am not sure if it s on netflix or suspense
truth: yes i have
prediction: i have not seen any of those films but i have seen iron man .
truth: the cast is very good chris evans robert downey jr mark ruffalo
prediction: i did not really like that . i thought it was very good !
truth: can you tell me the plot ?
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: the director ?
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: yea i think he usually makes movies really interesting
prediction: i like him too .
truth: these critical responses are a little strange . i can not tell if they are pleased or upset about the movie .
prediction: i think the movie could have been over it .
truth: probably the same thing that caused all the other market crashes .
prediction: i think the movie was based on a memoir .
truth: the man who accompanied them leaks the classified documents to reporters at the new york times .
prediction: i would say so if you can see the story .
truth: not any that i can remember but he seems to be a house hold name
prediction: i think i would like to talk about that movie .
truth: i had not realized it till i looked her up
prediction: i think she is a good supporting .
truth: it was honestly really bad
prediction: i do not know about it .
truth: yes it is . the previous ones of these always had a document that showed the movie you were to discuss . this does not have that
prediction: i have not seen that on either . i have not seen it but i have not seen it .
truth: i am supposed to ask you about the movie .
prediction: the movie is also robert downey jr . . . samuel l jackson and chris evans as captain america
truth: yup . . . it was ok
prediction: no i have not .
truth: bob odenkirk is in a role . i believe it is a male role . would you like to know the rt score ? i have the info UNK .
prediction: i am not a big fan of UNK comedies .
truth: sounds like a great family movie what is it called ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: have you seen any of the iron man or captain america movies ?
prediction: i am not a fan of the other marvel movies !
truth: yeah its described as a thriller i love those kind of movies
prediction: yes it does not mean
truth: oh ? ive been trying to find one to watch
prediction: i have not seen it yet .
truth: i did enjoy this moive !
prediction: i am good . how about you ?
truth: so lets talk about avengers
prediction: what is the name of the movie
truth: rob reiner is in it too . . . it was directed by scorsese
prediction: it s about how facebook takes ish the creature is a true story .
truth: mud puddles ? lol . you must have been tiny when it came out
prediction: i agree with you
truth: yes !
prediction: i think it s more of a movie that is still a while .
truth: is very good
prediction: i have heard of his name .
truth: 8 . 1 on imdb
prediction: i have not seen it yet but it is a thriller .
truth: hard to believe that catch me if you can is based on real events .
prediction: i do not think i have seen a few of them .
truth: maybe leonardo
prediction: robert downey jr . plays a good actor in this movie .
truth: they are both so funny
prediction: yeah it is definitely funny
truth: yes it features the voices of billy crystal as one of the monsters
prediction: yes it has a rotten tomatoes score of 81 and cinemascore gave it an a
truth: chief is a buffalo desk guy is a UNK i think ? mostly tough animals
prediction: i do not have less much attention but i am not sure what that is .
truth: and his helper dr nefario with his UNK minions who are super funny
prediction: i like gru .
truth: ah they can both be good in the right movie .
prediction: oh i like it .
truth: do you like fantasy stuff ?
prediction: yes . it s a fantasy drama . i have not seen it but it seems like i might have to check it out .
truth: i have not . i UNK it for a different movie
prediction: oh i have not seen that movie
truth: sure
prediction: i am good . have you seen it ?
truth: hi the movie zootopia is a great animated movie . i think you would love it !
prediction: hi
truth: is not he on shark tank sometimes now ?
prediction: i just saw this movie but i have done it
truth: did you realize that they lived in chicago and not some other city ?
prediction: i think that responses was not as good as the critical critical responses . . .
truth: it could be either i guess .
prediction: it has a lot of good actors in the movie so i wonder what it looks about .
truth: haha that is pretty funny . yeah it says shot from 3 perspectives and has little dialogue . i have to admit i am a bit curious about that
prediction: yeah i am not sure . i am not sure if i would know know who played that .
truth: who does jeff bridges play ?
prediction: yes i think who played the villain of stark is stark ?
truth: do you think there s a reason that some people might have rated it harshly ?
prediction: i guess i need to be more of the names but i guess it s pretty funny
truth: and how high stakes the lifestyle of a stock broker can be
prediction: do you think the movie looks like it ?
truth: did she win any awards ?
prediction: i like sandra bullock
truth: the avengers drama continued too great stories .
prediction: iron man is successful in the movie
truth: wow i did not even realize it was made in 1990 i was not even born yet .
prediction: i agree . i think i would watch it if you watch to watch it with my kids
truth: kind of a weird review wildly ingenious chess game never thought about it like that .
prediction: i think it was pretty good for a while . i think it would be great to see with the whole giant of facebook
truth: i agree . UNK the movie had a good plot . do you agree with its various ratings ? including the low in my opinion 72 metacritic score
prediction: i did not know that but was it a long time ago .
truth: yes tell me more ! what is it about ?
prediction: it is a very good movie .
truth: have you seen home alone before
prediction: the movie is called the wolf of wall street
truth: an average movie
prediction: i thought the reviews was a really interesting .
truth: good morning !
prediction: hello
truth: 84 and an average of 7 . 7 10 which to me is very impressive .
prediction: it is set in the dry UNK michael s mom .
truth: yes it s directed by steven spielberg
prediction: i think i ve heard of him before .
truth: i am not sure because i have not seen it .
prediction: yes i have
truth: no i didnt thats soooo cool
prediction: the daughter of immortal and a dreamer in the city of the world
truth: cool .
prediction: i agree .
truth: i always seem to watch a lot more movies this time of year so i think i ll see if it s on netflix or amazon
prediction: i do not think i have to watch it .
truth: nathalie baye plays his mom paula abignale
prediction: is there a lot of a movie ?
truth: ginnifer goodwin was in the tv show once upon a time if you ve ever seen that .
prediction: i like the way
truth: who is acting in this movie by the way ?
prediction: i have never heard of it
truth: i liked how they did a really good job of showing how decisions were made in the historical context
prediction: i think the same post on the movie i would say .
truth: agree . it was eye opening for me .
prediction: i like the idea of the movie and the other really were good
truth: ryan gosling and emma stone are in it
prediction: yes it is . it is a fantasy drama
truth: sure it s an animated comedy film
prediction: it s about a cowboy named woody named woody and woody the main character buzz .
truth: im not big into superheroes but if anything i would see this one
prediction: it s a comedy that has a 92 on rotten tomatoes .
truth: the movie batman begins received a 84 on rotten tomatoes . interestingly it received an a on cinemascore
prediction: i like animated movies
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: it has the voice of gerard butler
prediction: the villain was a great messages .
truth: it s great right ?
prediction: that sounds like a shark movie i am not sure if it s a shark of the movie .
truth: i think you should . it is crazy popular . would you like to know more about the movie
prediction: i do not remember much better .
truth: oh fine what are other characters present
prediction: oh okay .
truth: who does the voices ?
prediction: oh wow that sounds interesting
truth: i did not like the vector character
prediction: i think the ratings that is not too bad but that is a good point .
truth: spielberg directed it what did not he direct ? hardest working man in hollywood .
prediction: i am not sure about the rotten tomatoes score of 10 but it s been awhile i would have to give it a try .
truth: i do not feel that old to me but i am from the 90 s . incredible how fast time passes .
prediction: i think i would love to see the kid
truth: i surely hope so i know i really liked the chie f bogo .
prediction: yes i do . i love zootopia
truth: i know his the best . when i first saw it i hated it i guess i didnt understand woody
prediction: i am good thank you .
truth: the movie
prediction: i think the critics have to look that it was based on a facebook book .
truth: yes i like adventure movies
prediction: yes i did like adventure movies
truth: i am not seeing anything but the chat box ?
prediction: what do you think ?
truth: have you ever seen the movie frozen ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: fine want to talk about a movie ?
prediction: i am good . how about you ?
truth: hi have you seen despicable me ?
prediction: hello
truth: what did you think about them hiding in that boat as the tide was rising ?
prediction: yea he did a good job
truth: he
prediction: oh . . . . . . i have not seen a lot of the movie
truth: oh yeah it does ! i never thought about that
prediction: i think it would be interesting for the girls
truth: i might see it again if i were to catch it on tv though
prediction: it is a trainwreck movie but its a trainwreck
truth: it is set in the cold war
prediction: i do not know if it s a dvd to watch it
truth: cant wait to watch
prediction: what was the movie about ?
truth: i like jim carrey he s a riot . i do not know about jennifer anniston so they had a happy marriage ?
prediction: i love jennifer aniston and jennifer aniston is a riot .
truth: have you seen dunkirk ?
prediction: i like the way it looked make me want to see it
truth: yes it was very obscene .
prediction: i liked the story too . i liked the movie is from a real life british though . i think the movie deserved that it was better than just that
truth: it s based on the life of frank abagnate
prediction: it s based on a book by f scott fitzgerald and jay baruchel played by chris hemsworth .
truth: yes very but disney makes good movies
prediction: i think a lot of them
truth: i unfortunately havent yet but in reading the summary i have here it looks like something my girls 5 8 might like
prediction: no i have not .
truth: me too
prediction: i did not know that it was the first installment a powered exoskeleton movie .
truth: sure
prediction: i am doing fine
truth: fine ! m thanks ! so what s your favorite holiday classic ?
prediction: doing fine .
truth: haha great
prediction: yes i like batman .
truth: iron man also in a group
prediction: what do you think about the special power ?
truth: a little dark at times
prediction: ok that is a good point
truth: a dark comedy . i know . my husband is one of 12 and no one was ever forgotten .
prediction: i think it s great
truth: it has meryl streep and tom hanks so you know the movie is going to have a chance at being pretty good
prediction: the main character is played by chris hemsworth and the rival of the same name
truth: i could help but think why not just call 911 when the robbers first show up ? haha
prediction: i like pesci too !
truth: what is f . . i . ve UNK us t w o ?
prediction: that was a true story .
truth: i am not sure about that but did you know nick fury director of the peace keeping organization shield recruits iron man
prediction: do you think the ending made the movie the avengers ?
truth: is it primarily scifi or a mix of some other genre as well
prediction: i would definitely recommend it . i would recommend it to be a sequel .
truth: wow the UNK are so low on rotten tomatoes and UNK to
prediction: i agree . i have to say jim carrey s performance .
truth: i heard it is a musical too
prediction: oh . i think that is a good movie but i am not familiar with the part of the cast .
truth: dont understand why its considered black comedy
prediction: i saw it a few times .
truth: agreed . he was a genius inventor ! was he your favorite character ?
prediction: i did not know that it was based on a book of genius marvel comics that was really nice .
truth: this looks like a great movie . robert downey jr is very talented .
prediction: i like the movie . have you seen it ?
truth: im doing well
prediction: good thanks
truth: hi want to chat with you about the movie called the post .
prediction: hello
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: right ! who would have thought
prediction: i would have to look at that .
truth: yea buzz got what he deserved for trying to rival woody lol
prediction: it was a good choice for a documentary .
truth: pretty good cast too besides him
prediction: it was a long movie that was directed by a book
truth: thats what i am talking about
prediction: i think that i like that hulk . he s a good hulk
truth: do you think jolie lived up to her reputation as an elite actor in this movie ?
prediction: i agree ! i think i do not understand why the ratings that it was based on a true story .
truth: it s definitely one of my favorites as well . i enjoy over the top sort of unrealistic action scenes and this definitely pulled that off .
prediction: i have not seen that film . i think the movie is definitely a typical age kids movie .
truth: do you like films by christopher nolan ?
prediction: i do not like the actors are about this film
truth: its a movie where toys come alive
prediction: i love toy story
truth: this is my favourite movie
prediction: hi . . . . . . . . .
truth: i dont know how i feel about it
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: i have not heard of it ! can you tell me more about it ?
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: no i have not seen it .
prediction: no i have not .
truth: oh that is a nice movie .
prediction: i have not seen it yet but it s a movie to watch
truth: hi
prediction: hi
truth: have you seen the shape of water ?
prediction: i am not sure
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: i noticed in the critical response section that some people thought it was hype to explore his psyche did you find that to be true as well ?
prediction: i like the scenes . i like the batman series . i like him more than superhero movies .
truth: yup
prediction: i just know the movie was based on a team from the same name
truth: so what is the movie about ?
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: wow i think the server is really slow i just got all your essages at once .
prediction: i think i ve seen it in theaters but i ve been a while in it .
truth: it was a dreamworks picture how can it be ! am i dreaming ? am i working ? UNK me another UNK
prediction: i think it was well for several times
truth: it sounds like a really good movie
prediction: i like that it s a very good movie
truth: leonardo di UNK
prediction: i like him . i also like the story of the movie . i also thought it was very overhyped and it was a classic ago
truth: i like daniel UNK
prediction: yes
truth: some was like a musical which i dont like
prediction: no it s a very good movie
truth: very true plus the cast is amazing ! joe pesci daniel stern and catherine o hara !
prediction: i am surprised by the fact that the rating of the movie is not as good as the part for the acting .
truth: never heard of it whats it about ?
prediction: i have not seen it yet .
truth: oh yeah they are releasing the black panther later this year i think ?
prediction: i like the movie
truth: its about alot of things
prediction: it s about a bunny who is trying to be a police officer
truth: what movie did you watch ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: are you a jason bateman fan ?
prediction: how are you
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: yes it was a very interesting take on the character very different from it s previous UNK like lex luthor .
prediction: ok then
truth: i find it hard to believe that a child can walk around new york all by himself
prediction: yes
truth: so what exactly is the plotline ? why is it called jaws ? does anyone get killed ?
prediction: roy schneider is a fictional
truth: yes the main character is a young man .
prediction: yes it is .
truth: yeah i do not even have clue that it was him .
prediction: i like the minions more than the minions .
truth: oh no worries . . . you still answered one of my questions about the reviews
prediction: a dozen of people use and a harvard where he shot to be the world .
truth: oh yeah it s a great family movie . any age will enjoy it .
prediction: yes it was . it was a little boy movie but i like to have some at the traps .
truth: yes it was . the book was also called the blind side . evolution of a game
prediction: i do not know i like the cast of the movie .
truth: yes . they do a great job making the movie dark .
prediction: i think she was a little in the movie i kind of hate
truth: it is about a stockbrocker in new york city .
prediction: it is a black comedy .
truth: it involves all the corruption and fraud that goes on
prediction: comedy
truth: i think the critics were overly harsh on it it was a decent popcorn movie .
prediction: i did not know that either was a strong allen .
truth: oh sounds cool . what is it about ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: i watched home alone
prediction: i have not seen it yet
truth: it was entertaining funny and moving . how did you like it ?
prediction: i love it ! i thought it was pretty good .
truth: we are discussing a movie blind side .
prediction: i am a big fan of jim carrey s movies
truth: wow ! really impressive . and it almost won best movie at the oscars .
prediction: yes it sounds like it has a rating on rotten tomatoes . . .
truth: yeah i have the document here as well .
prediction: i had no idea . i do not think i have seen reviews as well .
truth: children who are easily frightened probably should not watch it .
prediction: yes it is a very good cast .
truth: luthor needs to seek some therapy for his obsession with defeating superman .
prediction: i agree .
truth: 2014
prediction: it s about michael nyqvist alfie allen and adrianne palicki
truth: what was your favorite scene from the film ?
prediction: i agree . . .
truth: i technically do not own the movie but i have netflix and UNK
prediction: yes it was a good world .
truth: what was it about
prediction: i like leo dicaprio is in it and the name of the movie was a 2013 comedy
truth: i love animated movies especially if they have some adult humor
prediction: i think so . i would like to see the movie we are supposed to be a bit harsh but i do not think i would be interested
truth: i do not agree
prediction: yeahhh
truth: it was a politics movie
prediction: it is a war movie
truth: love them
prediction: oh ok . i have not seen it yet .
truth: ok cool then you know it is a comedy made in 1990 and it actually got a rotten tomatoes score of 62 . can you believe that ?
prediction: i think it was a little movie with macaulay culkin so many children for this movie .
truth: what did you like about it ?
prediction: i am not familiar with the cinemascore score .
truth: it is about the founding of facebook and the people involved .
prediction: it s a movie about a man and he has a life of facebook
truth: it was alright . how did you ?
prediction: i love all the movie . have you seen it ?
truth: i was intrigued as well . i can not believe that this movie was made in 2002 . its been over a decade since it was made
prediction: yes i agree . i wonder the rating on rotten tomatoes . i wonder if they had a happy ending .
truth: emma stone action awesome
prediction: UNK
truth: that sounds like such an interesting watch . what year did they make the movie ?
prediction: that is a true story . i love that movie .
truth: exactly !
prediction: i think they did a great job as woody
truth: the traps are great but i like when the scary next door neighbor saves him
prediction: my favorite is when harry UNK the other to be a kid . what did you find about the UNK ?
truth: i would like to recommend the movie
prediction: the movie is a good movie
truth: who are the voice actors ?
prediction: is it a comedy ?
truth: so the music is good ?
prediction: yes
truth: mark ruffalo was also good as hulk .
prediction: i think he was a good actor .
truth: it sounds pretty good thanks for the recommendation . have you seen any other movies that are good ?
prediction: i like steve carell as well . i think the movie is a strong for children .
truth: i have
prediction: it s a historical drama about the story
truth: no i have not but it does seem like it might be a good one .
prediction: no i have not .
truth: its an animated movie with a clever plot .
prediction: i do not think i have ever heard of that the movie is based on a book of a culture .
truth: yes ! i have not seen it though .
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: of course who doesnt ?
prediction: i like movies . i like the action movie . have you seen it ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: thoughts on luthor ?
prediction: i like that movie but i do not understand why .
truth: yup leave it to humans to UNK everything up .
prediction: yes i think sadly
truth: no although i still live with my family .
prediction: i do not think kids ?
truth: ouch
prediction: awesome
truth: yes john legend !
prediction: do you know if it s a comedy that is it ?
truth: i am not a big fan of historical movies
prediction: i agree . i think that the movie is based on the book i would rather it as well to the book .
truth: did you like the movie ?
prediction: it s a really good movie
truth: nah suicide squad gets that UNK
prediction: it s pretty good . do you agree with the rating of the movie ?
truth: i have not yet how are the reviews ?
prediction: i am going to tell you about the movie inception .
truth: macaulay culkin joe pesci daniel stem john heard and roberts UNK .
prediction: he is the one in my favorite but he has a pretty good actor in his house
truth: yeah it looks super exciting based on our world view being wrong .
prediction: i am a big fan of movies that is a good movie .
truth: 2nd one was great too because trump s in it
prediction: i thought he was my favorite .
truth: have you seen the movie catch me if you can ? it has several famous actors in it like leonardo dicaprio tom hanks and christopher walken
prediction: i am great thank you . . . . . . . . . . .
truth: fine did you found out about the movie topic
prediction: i am good
truth: no have you
prediction: no i have not .
truth: have you seen batman begins ?
prediction: how are you today
truth: i agree UNK
prediction: i do not recall superficial but i do not think i have the trailer lol
truth: i would think that a wide variety of people would enjoy this movie
prediction: what did you think about the plot ?
truth: i always did enjoy watching his movies
prediction: it s a very good movie .
truth: a think that UNK things
prediction: ray america fight . it is a comedy adventure . it takes place in new york state .
truth: who go for a journey
prediction: yes
truth: yep
prediction: i think it s been in the original and it is a good movie and i think they are like inspire too
truth: yeah great action scenes
prediction: i like the action scenes
truth: i love christopher nolan films and christian bale . do you know if cilian murphy was in it too ?
prediction: i think christian bale is great too . he s in a really good role .
truth: has sandra bullock in UNK also
prediction: oh cool .
truth: ok
prediction: i have not seen it yet
truth: i never saw it .
prediction: it s a great movie
truth: yeah . i did not see it . did you ?
prediction: i have heard of it .
truth: frozen
prediction: it s a comedy
truth: then have you seen la la land ?
prediction: it is a comedy .
truth: do you have thoughts on the UNK movie ho to UNK your dragon from paramount pictures ?
prediction: no i have not seen this movie
truth: the iron man character play a lead role in this movie .
prediction: i am not sure about that but i am not sure what you ?
truth: wow then it mustve been really good
prediction: what is the director ?
truth: where is it supposed to be set ?
prediction: that is a good cast .
truth: i m not sure i seen that actor in other movies tho .
prediction: ok . i thought the movie was very good
truth: older movie
prediction: new new movie
truth: i think any scene in which loki makes an appearance .
prediction: i agree . i thought the matthew mcconaughey was great !
truth: yes that way all ages can get something out of the movie
prediction: i like her lease
truth: oh then maybe not !
prediction: i think it was a classic movie that has directed by a french score .
truth: i think some of those critical responses are quite spectacular but i just do not understand why metacritic score gave such a low rating on this film .
prediction: i agree . i thought that was a low rating on this film .
truth: it looks like it has great ratings ! i would like to see it .
prediction: yes . i ve never seen it but i have not seen this one .
truth: ok . are you familiar with any of these actors ?
prediction: i like the UNK movies this one was only out that i had no idea .
truth: do you think its geared more towards females or no ?
prediction: do you know it was good ?
truth: i like tom hanks and i just like the woody character
prediction: yes it s one of the best character .
truth: was there anything that you liked about the movie ?
prediction: i would like to see the movie i have seen it .
truth: thanks ! what is the movie about ?
prediction: is it based on a true story ?
truth: i agree it has strongly felt UNK throughout the movie
prediction: yes it is a comedy .
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: yes they accomplish a lot with little UNK
prediction: i agree . i also love the movie . i also love the movie in my opinion .
truth: 98 and average 7 . 9 10
prediction: not the rotten tomatoes s music .
truth: hey are you still there ?
prediction: the main character was left behind . it was a bit of the more from pixar .
truth: it sound UNK a great story .
prediction: i like the main character
truth: exactly
prediction: i am not sure favreau UNK that there s a lot of action scenes
truth: yeah they really do . they made something i UNK as very boring the business world as a very chaotic and dramatic life .
prediction: he is a good actor in this movie
truth: yes there is an emotional story here too
prediction: i like the music in this movie
truth: yes
prediction: yes
truth: yeah the main actor was replaced by the third .
prediction: i think it was a good movie to get into things .
truth: whats the score ?
prediction: i do not think i would have to see that .
truth: well i understood the movie right away and was really UNK at the acting done by leonardo dicaprio .
prediction: i think it was definitely the first time in the movie . i wonder how they did it come out !
truth: w ell it depicts an evacuation from land sea and air . dunkirk has extensive practical effect which i think you would love .
prediction: i am not sure how long the reviews is . it s a great movie !
truth: it was one of jim carrey s better movies .
prediction: haha . haha . what was the movie about it ?
truth: yea it has to be then whats the plot ?
prediction: oh nice . do you like the movie ?
truth: who is your favorite ?
prediction: yes
truth: hi there
prediction: hello
truth: the idea of a one woman play was daring
prediction: i think so
truth: oh . . . so their bodies are not actually in the dreams ?
prediction: do they have a happy ending to the other or ?
truth: lol
prediction: the first one is not he s in the film industry ?
truth: what else does it say on the document ?
prediction: i agree with the actors for this movie
truth: but what company ?
prediction: i did not know that
truth: is she hot ?
prediction: oh she is a good actress . . . .
truth: the minions are really cute
prediction: it is a very good movie and i really enjoyed the main character
truth: the two leads singing and dancing were not exceptional
prediction: it was directed by french nolan and the director of stone and the other characters
truth: what kind of characters does it have in it ?
prediction: its a comedy . i think i might have to look about it
truth: it s animation . only voice actors .
prediction: it is a comedy of a comedy .
truth: he did a great job
prediction: it s about a rabbit who is a con man who leaves the fox .
truth: it was alright a
prediction: i think it was a good movie and i liked it too .
truth: well i can not deny that i quite enjoy a film that makes my jaw drop .
prediction: is there a lot of violence in the movie ?
truth: animation story like UNK in the beast
prediction: oh cool that is a nice story about how much is going to do
truth: agree .
prediction: i did not realize i like the animation .
truth: have you ever saw the movie jaws
prediction: i am good thank you
truth: and do you know what animation studio made it ?
prediction: i like the rabbit . i should should see jason segal and ryan gosling and actors
truth: thought is was a cute show . culkin s only hit i think .
prediction: he was the main actor and his siblings was UNK by a family .
truth: it was at bletchley park
prediction: i am not sure . i love biographical movies so i am assuming it takes place in a long time .
truth: yea michael s was in the movie bug
prediction: i am not sure
truth: is it liberty wars or civil wars
prediction: i like the batman series . are you familiar with the other cast ?
truth: ok cool what do you like most about the movie ?
prediction: oh wow that sounds interesting . i am not sure about it but i am sure it received a lot of drama things .
truth: the whole story is sad and has a great happy ending . its nice to know that there is still good people out there
prediction: it s about a man named a british government during wwii and a young named nick
truth: i have heard the movie takes some artistic license with the plotline
prediction: i think it is a coming of a movie i think . i wonder if it was a true story .
truth: a young couple who fall in love in teh 1940 s .
prediction: it s about a super villain who is a pro who gets creates and becomes a pro .
truth: it is about his career as a stockbroker and how his company was UNK in UNK fraud and corruption and the crazy anticts that happened .
prediction: yes it is
truth: it is a wildly theatrical version of the book directed by baz lurhmann
prediction: yes
truth: what did u just call me
prediction: no i have not
truth: the movie is a disney movie that came out in 2013 about 2 sisters .
prediction: hi
truth: hello
prediction: do you like superhero movies ?
truth: have you seen mean girls
prediction: i have not seen it . have you ?
truth: i have to read it first ok
prediction: i love that it is a great movie
truth: he also poses as a substitute teacher in his french class
prediction: yes
truth: he plays the part of obadiah stane
prediction: this is about stark industries and his other is stark industries industries and his puppy gets the other agents .
truth: i thought the teacher was a bi t mean though
prediction: i did not know
truth: UNK
prediction: that is cool ! i am not sure
truth: i ve always wondered what his parents did for a living to afford the trip
prediction: i think the whole family was crazy of the movie was crazy
truth: like the hulk one of the movies was like watching the comics and the other one was like watching a movie
prediction: i would watch it if i am not sure what i read that
truth: that is a wwii movie right ?
prediction: i like action movie
truth: i am a UNK male but i think idris elba is very good looking
prediction: he is a good actor in this movie
truth: really ?
prediction: i really like the movie .
truth: me too
prediction: i do not think i have to read that
truth: it got great ratings
prediction: the movie is a little slow
truth: i heard that scarlett johansson is a very interesting person as an actress
prediction: i like the movie
truth: the movie is about a stockbroker on wall street and his firm
prediction: it s a great movie based on jordan belfort who is in it and emma stone
truth: k who is starring
prediction: oh cool . what is it about ?
truth: it is about michael oher he was an offensive lineman
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: did you watch this movie
prediction: hi
truth: i do not know
prediction: i guess it s crazy that his mom was UNK developed
truth: i believe the music would be entertaining as gosling is a jazz pianist in this movie .
prediction: i think it s a very good movie .
truth: i know she was great in both films but i felt wonder women was much better quality
prediction: yes i do like wonder woman
truth: most definitely . . how cool would it be to be able to fly around like iron man ? lol
prediction: i think it was entertaining . i think it was a good movie
truth: it is .
prediction: what happens is all about the story
truth: she s very pretty
prediction: i am not sure .
truth: for example tom hanks as woody a pull string cowboy doll
prediction: i think they are very good
truth: i think rachel mcadams had an even better role as regina george however !
prediction: i think it s a good movie to watch you
truth: i do enjoy shows that have a historical element to them . i like that it is based on a biography .
prediction: i think i ve heard of it . what do you think of the movie ?
truth: yes ! the anthropomorphic animals were very interesting . the movement and quality of the movie was fabulous .
prediction: i have not seen a lot of people to watch a movie .
truth: i do not know any of these other actors
prediction: i am not sure about that but sandra bullocks is very interesting .
truth: i really like meryl streep as katharine graham . i thought she did a good job .
prediction: yes i have
truth: i guess dunkirk ? a least thats what the document says on the left
prediction: i am doing with a little about it
truth: no . i have not . what can you tell me about it ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: i am great ! and you ?
prediction: hi !
truth: wow rotten tomatoes rated 92 thats pretty good for movie now days
prediction: have you seen the movie the blind side ?
truth: do you agree with the rating that rotten tomatoes gave ?
prediction: i think the reviews were great . i did not know that it was a good one .
truth: wow happily married for 25 years .
prediction: i like comedy movies about the crime movies .
truth: depends some of them are a bit unrealistic .
prediction: yes it is . it is a fantasy drama that is a mute mix
truth: true . it had to have been tough being with all those families in foster care and having a mother who is addicted .
prediction: i think the movie was made from a war movie but i think they would have been better for them .
truth: ya
prediction: i agree . i thought there was a great concept
truth: nick the fox got out UNK by the rabbit i liked that part really clever .
prediction: do you think the fox is believable to the book ?
truth: i think it was the first feature length computer animated film .
prediction: i agree . i felt that it was a great movie for a movie i think i would agree it was a good movie .
truth: and what is gru objective or plans
prediction: i agree . i love how kids that stuff is the best !
truth: i see . who reviewed this movie ?
prediction: i like jim carrey s performance in this movie . he s a great actor in this movie as well
truth: i reckon captain america and yours ?
prediction: i think he s a good actor .
truth: critical responses towards it were great
prediction: i have seen this movie many good and what is in it ?
truth: it has a 97 rotten tomatoes score and a 87 100 metacritic score
prediction: yes it is ! i love it a lot
truth: i like keanu reeves and he does hold his age well
prediction: i have seen the movie
truth: this is a scientific movie about two people who perform corporate espionage using an experimental military technology to infiltrate their targets and get valuable information through a dream world .
prediction: the movie is about a giant man named jordan belfort who is the police officer who is the main character for the government character
truth: i like the hulk entry .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: hi how are you ?
prediction: hello
truth: oh very nice i like her in comedy movies so i am sure she s great .
prediction: i think she s great .
truth: we are discussing ironman .
prediction: we have to get to be by another movies for her character .
truth: its an english movie it was directed by morten tyldum
prediction: yes me . it was not that bad either since it was not as well .
truth: i thought there was no robots in this movie
prediction: oh that sounds interesting .
truth: well jeez that reviewer must not have enjoyed the film using a word like treacle !
prediction: oh that sounds like morgan freeman is not too good !
truth: nice
prediction: i love how he acts
truth: yes me too
prediction: i guess it was a good movie
truth: steven spielberg is great . one of my faves
prediction: it is .
truth: it was good movie for the whole family adults and kids too
prediction: i liked the message and the message is a bit about the top and the other one
truth: i would like to learn more about alan turing . he seems like an interesting person
prediction: i have not . i really like the whole thing . who played in it ?
truth: yes i think so too
prediction: yes
truth: it is a steven spielberg film . it is one of his best ones yet in my opinion .
prediction: no i have not seen it . have you seen it ?
truth: the movie is dunkirk which came out last year and was directed by christopher nolan .
prediction: hello .
truth: it is a very intense and jam packed action movie definitely worth watching !
prediction: yes
truth: not a robot i promise .
prediction: have you seen the movie catch ?
truth: hi did you like the movie despicable me ?
prediction: i am good how are you ?
truth: but then she went back after the town needed her
prediction: i think the movie is quit because she s a good villain .
truth: haha well you got a friend in him !
prediction: i think the critic s character was buzz . ! !
truth: yeah . that is a fair point !
prediction: i think this is the one that was a movie for me .
truth: saw that like most movies i suppose .
prediction: i agree . i wonder why it was based on a 1974 novel . i wonder if it should be interesting to see if you can run see it .
truth: it does
prediction: i have not seen it . i think i ve heard of it but i have heard of the director .
truth: yes he is very good director actor
prediction: it is a superhero movie that is a superhero movie
truth: what movie is it ?
prediction: i have not seen that one
truth: it s one of the best action movies out . why have not you seen it yet ?
prediction: yes
truth: i thought it was UNK did you think steve carell was the right choice for gru ?
prediction: i liked it as well . i think the movie is john lasseter . i was a little bit about the movie . i liked the cast as well .
truth: joss whedon directs it and it sounds like the same old thing
prediction: i do not know the avenger movies .
truth: that movie title sounds familiar what actors are in it ?
prediction: it s a very good movie that has a lot of people and going to say it s not a really good movie .
truth: what movie ?
prediction: i am not sure how long it is
truth: yes i have seen it several times .
prediction: i have seen it a dozen times .
truth: i know ! it definitely seems pretty clever that they used a naming pun in a movie about animals .
prediction: yes i ve seen it . what is it about ?
truth: no i have not hear about that movie . can you tell me something about the film ?
prediction: i am good .
truth: how are you doing
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: it looks as though the movie is about his invention .
prediction: i will check it out . it was a real place movie .
truth: 66 rotten tomatoes
prediction: yes
truth: ok well it looks like there s another one coming so that makes me want to watch the first more
prediction: yes
truth: are you a fan of UNK jolie ?
prediction: what genre is what the antagonist ?
truth: do you like science fiction movies ?
prediction: i think it s a dark movie that has some interest reviews from their teenage actors .
truth: i agree . i also like iron man he is a good leader
prediction: i agree with the rotten tomatoes score .
truth: inception grossed over 828 million worldwide becoming the fourth highest grossing film of 2010
prediction: i think i do not remember related to the related of the movie . . . i do not remember the rest of the rest but i do not remember
truth: who does chris pine play ?
prediction: yes i like superhero movies
truth: it was actually based of a book too called the accidental billionaires
prediction: i think you are supposed to read it
truth: what is the name of the movie ?
prediction: yes . it is a classic . it has a cinemascore of a rating of 81 .
truth: its one of my husbands favorite movies . it is definitely one you have to watch a few times through to get the whole thing .
prediction: i am not sure about that but i have to watch it .
truth: hahaha me to . . . . hes my favorite character
prediction: yes it s a movie that made the toys .
truth: 2013 .
prediction: i think i was just reading about the movie
truth: yes . i did and what are your thoughts on monster university ?
prediction: yes
truth: yeah fine . have you watched avengers 2012 ?
prediction: i am not sure
truth: i guess its toy stories
prediction: the movie is called the imitation game
truth: no . he actually hurts them
prediction: i do not think so
truth: that seems really interesting !
prediction: i like the story too
truth: do you know if it was nominated for a grammy ?
prediction: i do not know the cold cold that was up for a few years ago . . . .
truth: he moves in next door to gatsby turns out daisy is his cousin
prediction: i love leonardo decaprio s work . he is a good whole
truth: 92 seems like a good rating . a from cinemascore also seems positive .
prediction: i do not know much about the critics eh it was based on a true story .
truth: i like captain america between the two because he is not as arrogant .
prediction: i think i would have to watch the movie . i wonder if it s about the avengers or the avengers ?
truth: rotten tomatoes 84 and average 7 . 7 10
prediction: i like superhero movies .
truth: i mean it gave me the film itself and some points regarding it but no real topic to talk about i guess you could say
prediction: oh nice . i am not a fan of spielberg movies but i am not a big fan of the film
truth: right on . so what type of movie is it ?
prediction: i have not seen it either but i am not a fan of ben affleck
truth: blind side
prediction: i am not a fan of spielberg movies but i am a huge fan of leonardo dicaprio
truth: tom hanks character works for the UNK post and they attempt to publish papers about the us governments 30 year involvement in the vietnam war .
prediction: yes it s a thriller . it really should have gotten and a strong story .
truth: i believe there were sequels to this movie
prediction: oh cool . . .
truth: we will
prediction: i do not think i know it
truth: sure why not ? what is the name of a good one ?
prediction: yes i do
truth: what movie do u have
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: hello !
prediction: hello !
truth: wow
prediction: oh ok . what is it about ?
truth: eventually he gets caught but escapes but then he give himself to the police .
prediction: it s made of the world war 2
truth: right
prediction: i think i saw that scene . i do not think i would like it
truth: would you recommend it ?
prediction: is the movie more likely to a book of action flick ?
truth: oh is del toro the director ? i UNK work .
prediction: i am a big fan of guillermo del toro .
truth: do you recommend that i watch the movie ?
prediction: i do not know why it s been a while since her estranged .
truth: i like jeff bridges a lot .
prediction: yes i agree
truth: i also like that in the avengers its not all about one superhero .
prediction: i like that others a lot of dark but like the same time i liked that they have all of their and they were going for the older character .
truth: the old ones are always good i heard there were some sad parts in it is that true
prediction: who is the director ?
truth: yes has recently died and was the one who gave him the puppy .
prediction: yes i have heard of him . it s not available for the oscars but it seems like a romantic drama .
truth: UNK culkin
prediction: the movie is given the first time
truth: and i am good by the way
prediction: oh i have not seen it title .
truth: thor also good
prediction: yes
truth: i heard it had good visuals but was sort of boring
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: do you think it was to dark to be a fairy tale ? most fairy tale moves are bright and bubbly .
prediction: it also has to be as a fairy tale fairy tale and i am not sure i am a fan of biopics .
truth: hello
prediction: i agree . i have not seen it yet but it s got a rotten tomatoes score of 81
truth: it has an a rating
prediction: yes
truth: the movie shows special effects with fresh energy and stylish polish .
prediction: i am not sure about the UNK of iron man .
truth: she is a famous actress
prediction: oh wow that is interesting
truth: would you please tell about any key scenes ?
prediction: is it a movie of the plot ?
truth: lol yes very . it s that accent
prediction: i like movies idris you
truth: i did not really like frozen too much but i can see why it would be appealing to kids .
prediction: frozen is not my favorite but it does not have been much better reviews .
truth: its a real slapstick kind of movie i feel .
prediction: not really like bruce almighty as bruce nolan
truth: obviously the hulk due to his rage .
prediction: i thought it was a good movie .
truth: i agree . so is scarlett johansson
prediction: i do not think i ve been a few of the movie
truth: i think they hit a UNK with allowing adults to enjoy it as well as the kids
prediction: it is a comedy animation and has a high rating of a
truth: i would watch it again even though i UNK leo as a person .
prediction: i am not sure .
truth: you should see it . it stars very well known actors such as tom hanks and leo dicaprio
prediction: it s a comedy movie starring leonardo dicaprio and tom hardy .
truth: it looks like these critics did not like it though .
prediction: i like him in this one
truth: yes the wolf of wall street it s very interesting
prediction: i am doing pretty good .
truth: it s from 2004
prediction: mean girls
truth: hi
prediction: hello !
truth: yes
prediction: i am not a huge fan of the director but i am not sure the whole movie is super done
truth: what is the reason
prediction: i watched that movie .
truth: i am not entirely sure why . i thought it was good . maybe they were looking for something else ?
prediction: i do not think so
truth: agreed and it s not like any eight year old could not devise the same sorts of booby traps .
prediction: i think i would have been wanting to see it . it s been out of the top .
truth: thats kind of UNK
prediction: i liked the brother that brother
truth: oh wait i have seen this movie . i enjoyed it . did you agree with the ratings of the movie ?
prediction: i do not know who it is . . . . .
truth: just hearing the music sends UNK through you .
prediction: i agree with you . i think i ve seen it . i was not even in the theaters of the movie .
truth: i know its a odd flick for sure
prediction: wow that is a high score
truth: oh it was ok . i think i ended up selling it on UNK . 2003 what a year ! lol
prediction: i love that it was not in it
truth: what looks most interesting to you in this film ?
prediction: yeah i like the movie too .
truth: i am UNK
prediction: u watch naren week
truth: the main characters are voiced by tom hanks and tim allen
prediction: it s an animated movie that you know about toys and it s animated than it really adults .
truth: do you typically watch war movies ?
prediction: i agree war more to watch this movie because it s not too too action .
truth: that based upon marvel comics ! i watched that movie only for iron man robert UNK he is an fantastic actor
prediction: i like the iron man .
truth: yes it is a fair rating of the film
prediction: i agree .
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: john goodman plays another one the main chracters
prediction: i like it
truth: i do . metacritic gave it a score of 94 100 and i did like it that much
prediction: i think the rating was pretty high from the ratings . i think it would be a good factor .
truth: that is awhile ago
prediction: yes i agree .
truth: because if you like robert downey jr . you ll have a great time . according to critical response he is a very great character sophisticated and sharp tongued
prediction: it s about the comics ! i am not sure i think it s very funny
truth: that is awesome
prediction: i think i ve seen the movie but i do not think i would have to check it out .
truth: yes
prediction: oh . . . . .
truth: the critical response was good
prediction: i did not know that super popular in the movie
truth: i like it when they team up
prediction: that is interesting . i like batman and superman and superman and i really like how superman the movies and superman is not doing of him
truth: ahh i see .
prediction: i like that they are based on true stories
truth: zack snyder is definitely the kind of guy who would make a movie about two grown men beating each other up for that long
prediction: yes he does not get a good job of mark zuckerberg but i do not know about that much
truth: yes but i thought it was a little dull
prediction: it s a war movie
truth: would you be likely to advise me to see the movie ?
prediction: i do like animated movies .
truth: it also had justin timberlake as sean parker
prediction: i thought it was really good . i think it should a lot of people that was really good .
truth: 1990
prediction: i like that it s release
truth: so boring .
prediction: i am not sure about that but i was not a fan of the avengers movies .
truth: i have . i liked it
prediction: i have .
truth: i thought it was older do you know when it came out ?
prediction: i think this movie was a good idea but not good for it
truth: what are you up to ?
prediction: oh ok
truth: yes
prediction: i do not know .
truth: yes others would too .
prediction: i think i saw it in the first kevin kevin s character
truth: i think people do not like jennifer aniston and maybe thats why it was ratted low ?
prediction: i am surprised by i am surprised rotten tomatoes gave it a 48 and 48 i thought it was pretty good .
truth: i agree i think it will be seen as a cult classic in about 20 years or so .
prediction: i agree
truth: yes that is true . what d you think of the plot
prediction: i thought it was pretty good .
truth: that sounds pretty cute . you do not see many rabbit s as a police officer
prediction: i am not sure .
truth: yes dude
prediction: i think the movie is a bad movie
truth: oh that sounds interesting ! is it a thriller ?
prediction: oh nice . . .
truth: catch me if you can
prediction: i am a fan of well known downey jr .
truth: i just watched this jim carrey movie it was great .
prediction: the movie is a great movie
truth: me too i really liked it
prediction: yes
truth: good afternoon hows it going ?
prediction: hi
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: hello .
prediction: hello
truth: sounds like it was a good production and successful with the critics .
prediction: what is your favorite part of the movie ?
truth: would you recommend others go watch it ?
prediction: oh wow . i see that sounds interesting .
truth: what is a shrink ray ?
prediction: that sounds like a fun minions .
truth: UNK there were some scenes that is out of the box unrealistic
prediction: i think so .
truth: i thought his life was so UNK
prediction: i think the movie is a good film
truth: that actually sounds interesting ! who would you say is the evil person in the movie ? lol
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: ohh super i am UNK
prediction: bro
truth: sounds fun i am a steve carell fan . he is good in the office .
prediction: i do not know who he played the movie .
truth: oh of course
prediction: i have not seen it . i ve seen it in a long time ago .
truth: yes the one directed by david fincher . it was a pretty good movie it has a UNK rating of a b
prediction: i think i ve seen it a lot of times
truth: i liked it too
prediction: monsters inc . i love it but i love it is a good movie i enjoy watching it
truth: of course i seen it . . . . lol . . . . i am a sci fi nut !
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: florida
prediction: the movie is home alone
truth: this is one of my favorite movies so emotionally powerful
prediction: have you seen this movie ?
truth: did you get a document about a movie ?
prediction: have you seen the movie the blindside ?
truth: hello how are you ?
prediction: hello
truth: agent UNK coulson acted very naturally in this movie
prediction: i dont know what the movie is . . .
truth: probably a 7 10
prediction: i would say that was the perfect side
truth: lily collins gave good performance also do not you think ?
prediction: i agree
truth: what was steve carell s character name ?
prediction: russell brand
truth: that sad to see their parents die
prediction: yes
truth: yeah me too . its arthur .
prediction: joseph gordon levitt . i think the joseph was well done .
truth: and he is the star in that
prediction: oh i like action movies
truth: i actually thought you mentioned that you already watched it
prediction: oh i do not know if i ve seen it but it s a toy story about toy story
truth: go to see what ?
prediction: oh that sounds interesting
truth: leonardo dicaprio does a wonderful job as the lead actor .
prediction: it is based on a memoir of the us s in the movie which is based on the marvel comics .
truth: i do love jennifer aniston on the other hand jim carrey seems a little crazy these days .
prediction: jennifer aniston plays grace connelly and morgan freeman plays god and morgan freeman plays god and morgan freeman plays god .
truth: yeah me too . i like the author michael lewis . he writes about odd subjects and is always interesting .
prediction: sandra bullock was great
truth: movie critics say it s the best animated musical .
prediction: i have not seen it . it s a musical disney movie . i think the movie is a very good movie .
truth: wolf of wall street
prediction: it s a musical
truth: well there s always an exception and the movie la la land may be that one !
prediction: hi ! i am not familiar with the rating it looks like you should check out that !
truth: hi . the movie is iron man . what did you think of it ?
prediction: hello it is a comedy movie called the imitation game .
truth: what do you think about the overall movie ?
prediction: i think it s a good movie to see in this movie
truth: he does a great job on films .
prediction: oh wow i do not know .
truth: this one is a bit unrealistic for me
prediction: i do not like romantic movies .
truth: family overslept and in the confusion kid was left behind
prediction: when was the movie
truth: i am a huge hawkeye fan so it was great to see him in this movie
prediction: yes i agree
truth: yes me either . batman should not have stood any chance . but to sell the movie they had to make him more formidable .
prediction: so it s definitely a dark movie .
truth: yes i thought she did a marvelous job and also i am happy that she s getting more opportunities to showcase her directing skills .
prediction: i think i would have forgotten a chance to see that one either .
truth: ryan gosling is UNK with blonde hair and blue eyes . emma stone is UNK and red headed .
prediction: it s a comedy animation movie . it has a lot of drug characters in this film .
truth: who
prediction: i just saw the book and the other ones he had to make a great job .
truth: i can not believe this was the first time pixar did a prequel
prediction: i love john goodman
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: i have not seen it yet
truth: what is the movie about ?
prediction: i like him ! he is one of his best movies
truth: it does ! are you more a batman fan or a superman fan ?
prediction: it has a lot of batman and superman s fight and fight and fight scenes as well .
truth: good thanks !
prediction: good thanks for asking !
truth: hi what is the name of the movie ?
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: what did you think of the movie
prediction: have you seen the movie the shape of water ?
truth: i saw it was released in 2017 so it is definitely something new
prediction: i like them . . . the cast are pretty good . . .
truth: in the top key scene number 1 tells us that john has a nickname by the name of baba yaga .
prediction: i think the ratings were pretty low .
truth: oh man i loved dunkirk
prediction: do you think dunkirk is dunkirk ?
truth: i like hulk UNK alien UNK .
prediction: ya i like the scene where he is a good actor .
truth: it also had a bunch of sequels too right ?
prediction: i think it s a comedy . i think it is a comedy of comedy action
truth: yeah lots of foster homes from which he ran away from .
prediction: he was the main character so i am a big buffy fan of his career
truth: is he the bad guy ?
prediction: yes i like iron man .
truth: what does he do as god ?
prediction: i do not know
truth: who is in the movie ?
prediction: i think i would love to see that .
truth: not new but not an older one . what is the film about ?
prediction: yes . . . . i would love to see it
truth: basically about a guy that works on the stock market and gets in over his head with the government
prediction: i guess it s a great movie about a man out about a stock who is where basically up for a week
truth: movie
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: hi
truth: wow what s an action packed movie don t you think ?
prediction: i am not sure .
truth: what picture ?
prediction: hi !
truth: hey how are you ? up for for some movie talk ?
prediction: hi
truth: very good story about friendship and everything
prediction: i do not know who is the other of the movie
truth: does she learn any good lessons ?
prediction: i ve seen it but i have not seen it but it is funny . i have seen it thousands of UNK .
truth: how long is the movie
prediction: i want to watch it .
truth: of
prediction: the ratings are very harsh
truth: i believe peter was his father bit i could be mistaken
prediction: i remember when alone was booby favorite scene .
truth: it is the notebook
prediction: do you know what the movie is ?
truth: i agree he mostly did follow tony stark around most of the movie lol
prediction: i think the article s reaction is about as a child .
truth: i just saw the trailer and it looked good .
prediction: do you generally watch movies or do not use the other actors ?
truth: he posed as several different UNK like a doctor pilot and a prosecutor
prediction: i think it s a world movie i think i would place it .
truth: it was more of an inside look at wall street than the wall street movies with michael douglas . and yes it is a true story .
prediction: i like that it was based on a book written in nyc .
truth: maybe after all they have super powers
prediction: i agree . i think this was a movie with two special effects .
truth: focus please stay on task
prediction: do you like the plot of cg ?
truth: i thought that was the funniest part too . it had the whole theater laughing . what did you think of the story ?
prediction: i agree . i think it s funny that the sloth genre did not get good job in the movie .
truth: ummm . . . . i have always like superman mostly because i loved the show UNK when i was younger lol
prediction: i like monster movies
truth: yes i do though the chaos and UNK and every scene makes me impatient but i do enjoy them
prediction: yes but i love them . i love them more more in them to watch them them all more on them
truth: he did a good job portraying tony stark the industrialist genius inventor and consummate playboy
prediction: yes i do . i like the action movies that he played the hulk . i like him too .
truth: i do not see what it is rated do you think it would be appropriate for a young teen ?
prediction: i like history . . .
truth: sorry who directed it
prediction: ya toy story
truth: billy crystal as mike
prediction: the voices is john wick
truth: i would agree with that .
prediction: i would say it was a good movie to watch with my hands .
truth: why do you keep talking about robots
prediction: is it a comedy ?
truth: i think the rating is pretty accurate .
prediction: that was a good movie for both adults .
truth: he plays as the jazz pianist and he falls in love with emma stone . it takes place in los angeles .
prediction: it s place in the theaters of the movie . the music is the police chief .
truth: i love how they act do you like them ?
prediction: i see . i am not sure what is the movie about ?
truth: yes please do that
prediction: i like the first one
truth: haah wow i only saw it the one time
prediction: i love it !
truth: macaulay culkin is the main character kevin
prediction: it s a comedy that a movie about an 86 who is left alone his puppy with his house .
truth: yeah it seems like a must watch since it goes over the origin story
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: haha i can not believe that was 15 years ago .
prediction: yes i have seen it and thought it was pretty good .
truth: i agreed and i think metacritic score could ve done much better knowing that rotten tomatoes has been around for quite sometimes .
prediction: i am not sure about that rotten tomatoes rating has been around for quite sometimes sometimes .
truth: theres a second one isnt there ?
prediction: i think it was a great movie .
truth: have you seen zootopia ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: that makes sense of course . is it just one dragon that is in the movie ?
prediction: oh okay sounds like a great movie .
truth: i am here
prediction: yes i loved the movie . i really liked how they went to take the moon .
truth: not scary at all . its a kids movie that i still watch to this day
prediction: yes like like like a kid in the movie
truth: was that in the class room
prediction: i think the frat was great . i think i might watch it .
truth: obadiah stone
prediction: yes i know
truth: did you like the fight scene that left that one guy blind ?
prediction: yea
truth: besides jason bateman there s also ginnifer goodwin idris elba and jenny slate . bateman was the only one whose voice i recognized .
prediction: i should like it around a lot of money for the rabbit .
truth: can u tell me briefly ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: this movie is a historical drama .
prediction: it s a great movie . i am not a huge fan . it s angelina jolie . . .
truth: i am not aware of who harry styles is apart from seeing him in this movie . i hear he has quite a following .
prediction: i would say it s a really good one .
truth: i have no clue who callie UNK is but i like emma stone and r UNK gosling a lot .
prediction: oh i have heard of ryan gosling .
truth: no
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: i am doing wonderful . is not this the movie that won best movie ? have you seen it ?
prediction: i am doing well . what is the name of the movie ?
truth: hello .
prediction: no i have not seen it yet but i ve seen it .
truth: i thought you would like to see a movie called the blind side have you heard of it ?
prediction: i am good how are you ?
truth: hi have you seen how to train your dragon ?
prediction: hello
truth: oh yeah ! i believe its the last installment before the avenger s infinity war
prediction: i love black panther . he was in it too . he was great in this movie . he s pretty funny .
truth: basically he introduced to a drug and sex fueled stock broker lifestyle
prediction: oh wow that is true . i wonder if the movie is appropriate for an good drama ?
truth: is not tim UNK a country singer
prediction: i think that it s a good movie to watch with by critics UNK and not
truth: maybe because it s part fantasy due to the creature it makes the underlying flaws of romantic dramas not so UNK .
prediction: would you say that it is a war movie ?
truth: yes
prediction: i do not know that either ! i also like the cast and this movie is very good .
truth: really so i would have to see it by myself
prediction: i do not know
truth: what year ?
prediction: wow
truth: somewhat . morgan freeman plays god and gives jim carrey the power to become god .
prediction: it s not so much with jennifer aniston and known carrey plays a god in a well and is not morgan by a chance .
truth: yea me neither
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: no actually . have you ?
prediction: i did not see it either but i do not think i saw it as well
truth: what genre please ?
prediction: i do christian bale i do not know if that is the other movie a lot .
truth: i really liked morgan freeman as god . i just watched evan last night
prediction: i agree
truth: good to know ! are you a fan of christopher nolans batman trilogy ? ? ?
prediction: i like dc .
truth: fine thank you ! would you say you re a disney fan ?
prediction: doing well thanks . how about you ?
truth: no i have not . what is it about ?
prediction: yes i have . i thought the movie is bruce almighty .
truth: frozen
prediction: the movie is zootopia
truth: what is the time period of the movie ? is it a modern story ?
prediction: it s also a movie about jazz pianist and as a other jazz and an action in the lab of the world .
truth: it made me mad when loki UNK selvig and the others .
prediction: yes i do .
truth: is there a sequel ?
prediction: oh that is very interesting
truth: it made me feel bad for her
prediction: yes
truth: go check it out then
prediction: i have not seen it . i loved it in theaters .
truth: well rotten tomatoes gives it 48 percent and average 5 . 7 10 . cinemascore a
prediction: i think it s a well done for me . i like the way he gets in this movie so it s not a major holiday movie
truth: stefan went to kill her because she mortally wounded the king and he put a bounty on her . . whoever killed her could be his successor
prediction: that is interesting . i do like turn of her .
truth: such a great adaptation of snow queen
prediction: i agree with the whole thing of the movie i had to really liked that movie the whole family was quite good
truth: my kid liked it a lot she identified with maleficent
prediction: i thought it was a little too
truth: you think so ? it s a classic spielberg movie . everything he touches turns to gold
prediction: i think you should watch it !
truth: it should be on the document somewhere honestly
prediction: i agree . i remember that sceen culkin was he s role
truth: why does he wear the suit of armor ?
prediction: he is a superhero lead who played by gwyneth paltrow .
truth: dunkirk
prediction: i agree . i think it was a thriller movie
truth: oh wow that sounds interesting . who stars in it ?
prediction: i have not seen it . i have not read it in the subject matter .
truth: it s a sports UNK with sandra bullock .
prediction: it was about a football player and the title of the same name .
truth: yes i do .
prediction: yes i have a document .
truth: mostly comedy historical fiction dramas action and art films
prediction: it is a very good movie
truth: i am not really sure what you mean
prediction: thats a good director for the information .
truth: i mean it got a really good rotten tomato score i just do not think i would be interested in it
prediction: i do not like inspirational but i do not think i ve heard of that one .
truth: i loved how fast this scene was . the moment the shop owner recognized the main character he immediately threw the punch . there was almost no down time .
prediction: i am not sure if i ve seen it but i think it was a great movie .
truth: yes he is
prediction: i love the scene where nick carraway in the leo carraway through the press conference .
truth: when they bombed the UNK it was intense
prediction: lol
truth: yes
prediction: yes
truth: it s inspired by christian andersen s fairy tale the ice queen . i had no idea .
prediction: i agree
truth: i love morgan freeman . are you a fan of the batman superhero ?
prediction: i do . i think it s a lot of action works .
truth: i have not been provided that information .
prediction: he is . he played the role of the movie .
truth: so the monsters are in college now taking final UNK
prediction: it s a very good movie
truth: the songs are not bad i just did not enjoy the story that much
prediction: i would not have to watch it with my kids would watch it .
truth: because he made a very interesting movie bruce almighty
prediction: i like the mike scenes .
truth: lol i know
prediction: im ok . what movie is it ?
truth: i have never seen it but i have seen the cover for that movie on netflix . what is it about ?
prediction: i have seen it . it has been quite good and they are really good .
truth: hello
prediction: hi
truth: thats really awesome
prediction: oh that sounds good
truth: travel scenario of the boat
prediction: i see
truth: the good guys and bad guys part is confusing
prediction: that is a good rating
truth: are there similarities between judy and UNK groups ?
prediction: that was good .
truth: UNK UNK a great british actor and harry styles the singer . the film was written directed and co produced by christopher nolan who s great .
prediction: it is a historical drama that takes place in 1925 .
truth: critics were not big fans either
prediction: oh i like all the actors
truth: what do you think about the movie batman v superman ?
prediction: no i have not seen batman either superman . i thought it was pretty funny .
truth: yeah ! gal gadot is the main character
prediction: who are the actors in the movie ?
truth: a newer movie . released in 2017 .
prediction: it is a world of action and drama movie
truth: are you still reading the document ?
prediction: i have not seen it yet so i am a fan of action movies .
truth: i highly suggest it it s not perfect but it s cool to watch as the first of the recent comic book movie revival
prediction: it s a very entertaining movie
truth: actually i ve seen none of those movies . i am not even sure what they are about . all i know is it has those little yellow minions .
prediction: i am not sure
truth: yeah i really enjoyed idina menzel s singing . did you have a favorite actor ?
prediction: yes i have seen it . i thought it was a great movie . i am surprised by i remember .
truth: i do not think i have .
prediction: no i have not .
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: are
prediction: i am not sure . what is it about ?
truth: i admire people that are that smart and UNK .
prediction: it is an american historical drama .
truth: infinite subconscious sounds like superficial nonsense people are suppose to buy
prediction: i think i would have to check it out more soon
truth: who is christopher nolan ?
prediction: yes it is very funny .
truth: they are great actors . where is the movie set ? is it a city the UNK or elsewhere ?
prediction: oh okay . i like the other movies that is in the movie that it s worth watching .
truth: do you remember the character peter ?
prediction: i so it was a little bit of the movie but the movie was enjoyable .
truth: not really . could you explain what you meant or UNK it ?
prediction: they are bias to the story of the washington post . . .
truth: i felt sorry for kevin at first while his cousins sibling ridiculed him .
prediction: i am not sure about that but it s a good movie to you
truth: do you usually trust the rotten tomatoes average joe score or the critic scores on movies ?
prediction: i agree with real critics . do you know keanu reeves is the only of the UNK that you can ?
truth: yeah he is the main actor frank UNK
prediction: i love that he is in my kind of wall street i can see how he does not have a own .
truth: i am not sure but i do know that it came out in 1975
prediction: i like the white of the film is about a man of white man that is killed .
truth: i know this movie but i have not seen it in quite some time .
prediction: i like jim carrey . he is funny
truth: who are the stars of the movie . . if you know ?
prediction: it s about the founding of facebook .
truth: i dont know
prediction: what is ur about the plot ?
truth: batman begins it should be on the left side of your screen .
prediction: no
truth: not too bad . happy valentines day !
prediction: hi there !
truth: hai
prediction: hello
truth: yes
prediction: i think it was a funny movie
truth: he had a very sad end
prediction: i am not sure if they do not get why he was not in the iron man .
truth: reading back the key scenes the army men UNK andy s birthday party when he gets buzz . great gag !
prediction: yeah that is true .
truth: a lot of the technology in it was pretty groundbreaking and used in other movie to make the graphics of today possible .
prediction: i like iron man machine
truth: where does the main character live ?
prediction: that is pretty good .
truth: is it violent ?
prediction: is it based on true or you would like it ?
truth: must be a clever kid to come with all of the traps
prediction: yes i really remember the movie
truth: it has all kinds of zoo animals
prediction: robert downey jr . is the main character to her
truth: haha yeah you could ! but it has tina fey in it too and everyone loves her .
prediction: i am not sure about cliques and pieces . i wonder if it s a sequel or mcadams or anything
truth: metacritics rating is 93 100 as well
prediction: i think it s a dark fantasy movie but the average of an adult and a lot of people can relate to see
truth: i did not know about the negative critical reaction . martin scorsese is good .
prediction: oh i like scorsese scorsese .
truth: are you a real person ?
prediction: i think that is a new document .
truth: hey ! i was just about to ask you about her !
prediction: emma stone is one of my favorite characters in the movie .
truth: emma stone has a lead part i see thats a great tomatoes score !
prediction: that is a comedy with jim carrey who s acting in this movie
truth: hello
prediction: hello !
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: oh wow that sounds intriguing ! what about the other cast members ? are there any other notable things to re watch for ?
prediction: yes i agree !
truth: he tries to steal the shrink ray and finally gets it
prediction: i am not sure about that .
truth: i do too . it is a classic movie that will stand the test of time .
prediction: i think the movie was a good one as i was expecting but it was a good movie for children that age on that .
truth: good reviews
prediction: i think that is a dark part . i think that is a predictable inspirational .
truth: indeed
prediction: yeah i would watch it
truth: i am not sure UNK that but did you know that diana is the daughter of zeus ?
prediction: yes
truth: how does the character determine whether or not he is dreaming or awake ?
prediction: yes it is a great comedy movie
truth: definitely
prediction: i do not think i have seen the movie but i do not remember
truth: is this a new movie or the 2005 movie ?
prediction: what was your favorite character ?
truth: cool
prediction: oh cool . what is your favorite character ?
truth: this movie is set in australia
prediction: it is a set
truth: yeah joe pesci as harry aswell
prediction: i think it was a good movie to watch .
truth: sharks ?
prediction: yes it was directed by john lasseter and directed by john lasseter
truth: hello . . . it s batman vs superman
prediction: hello it is the blind side .
truth: hi
prediction: hi
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: yes
prediction: voices
truth: that is what they say not too much romance in inception
prediction: i like that it s pretty much more about the movie but i love that they took a lot
truth: true the story did have a few holes but UNK it was a good depiction of wonder woman .
prediction: ok much attention
truth: yea thats true . cinema score gave it a b so it got at least some recognition .
prediction: i think i would have to watch the movie because it was not a gap between UNK some people .
truth: do you see this movie
prediction: i think i would say how long is the film ?
truth: ok . unlike most war movies in this movie the navy beach played a very important role
prediction: i am not sure blood that is the only reason to see it in my opinion .
truth: i am trying to decide if i want to see it but am not too sure ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: okay well sounds great thanks for your time
prediction: that is a pretty interesting . i do not know what the movie is .
truth: there has been a lot lately . i am usually not a fan of them
prediction: does the movie have any other ratings of the movie ?
truth: yes she was a very good actress in the movie it really is a great movie . it s based off a real story .
prediction: i love that movie
truth: i might check it out just for mark ruffalo and scarlett j . but i am not really into superhero flicks .
prediction: i know that it was a good movie . i love that it has a lot of action .
truth: john wick
prediction: i am not sure i am not sure
truth: awesome i love that movie have you seen it before ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: how are you doing
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: yeah i was obsessed with it when it came out
prediction: i have seen it . i was just thinking about it . i was a little kid
truth: good thank you . how are you ?
prediction: hi !
truth: i always wondered if the scene where leigh anne going on the football field was real
prediction: i think that it s a well made movie
truth: i hope that maybe you check it out
prediction: i like him with a lot
truth: shared dream level i hope they do not UNK into UNK UNK type stuff
prediction: i think that the movie was based on the short story
truth: he was very convincing as two different people ! i was also surprised to learn so many lawsuits were involved in the creation of facebook .
prediction: i honestly do not know why just came out in the creation of facebook .
truth: tina fey helped to write it .
prediction: i do called appropriate on girls .
truth: why is it called the great gatsby ?
prediction: what is the name of luhrmann luhrmann ?
truth: robert downey jr . as iron man . i think he is most everyone s favorite . i mean his attitude and UNK is just so entertaining
prediction: i thought robert downey jr . scarlett johansson was my favorite character .
truth: ya ya
prediction: also i am fine .
truth: have you heard of monsters university ?
prediction: oh haha . i think i was just reading about the movie
truth: yes
prediction: maleficent s been a while i have seen it . i was surprised to see it in the movie .
truth: actually yes lol
prediction: i did not know that through the pianist .
truth: it was based on a true story
prediction: yes i love it was great
truth: i have not . have you ?
prediction: no i have not . what is it about ?
truth: looks like a great movie
prediction: hi
truth: who stars in the movie ?
prediction: i did not know that . i was the wolf of wall street was wall street .
truth: the names of the characters are pretty funny in this movie . judy hopps
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: i remember hearing about it a lot and the title sounded intriguing .
prediction: is it a drama movie ?
truth: most toddler that age are i think
prediction: yes . i think she did a good job for his at the orphan .
truth: it always ends up rough for some of these child superstars .
prediction: it s a comedy too right ?
truth: well the fbi gets involved because he made a lot of money really fast
prediction: i do not see company or company or bad
truth: that would be scary as a kid ! !
prediction: i think i ve seen it on dvd times .
truth: what city did it take place in ?
prediction: it is a biographical movie
truth: he makes the character very UNK
prediction: i do not know . i think leonardo dicaprio is a great actor .
truth: is it singing or dancing ?
prediction: yeah it s been awhile that long ago .
truth: those were really terrible .
prediction: i think it s a classic .
truth: are there songs in it ?
prediction: tim allen is the main character .
truth: do you know what actor played him or rather voiced him ?
prediction: i liked the movie was a good movie .
truth: oh wow it s old
prediction: i like him
truth: yes i have
prediction: i have not seen this movie .
truth: doing well . so have you seen the movie amean girls ? i just watched it recently .
prediction: great !
truth: good
prediction: hi i am good .
truth: no is it good ?
prediction: i did not . i think it was a good movie .
truth: nope
prediction: i like those dicaprio and stuff and jonah hill
truth: any other information you can share . about . the . film ?
prediction: i think they are a big name
truth: critics received it well too . i see it was given a 95 out of 100 on metacritic
prediction: i think it was a big chess of the movie that made the most important lines but i think it was a classic movie .
truth: yes exactly . the directors byron howard and rich moore did a great job in making sure those subjects would still be entertaining for children .
prediction: i agree . i agree with that . what was your favorite part about the movie ?
truth: it was also the first live action portrayal of wonder woman
prediction: i think that is batman vs superman s been in the movie .
truth: i have as well . do you know who the cast is ?
prediction: i did not know that . i did not realize it was such a bad movie .
truth: it s a comedy that is based on a book .
prediction: it s a thriller of disney and animated films .
truth: i actually enjoyed the movie
prediction: it s about a story between two comic between a super hero .
truth: does he just have wild parties ?
prediction: i like him .
truth: no its the one with sandra bullock tim mcgraw the biography of the football player who came from nothing and became a great UNK .
prediction: i have not . i love it a lot .
truth: ohh you have to watch the blind side
prediction: i am not familiar with leonardo dicaprio
truth: oh i ve heard of it
prediction: what is the plot about ?
truth: yes i agree very strong cast
prediction: oh ok . i have not seen it yet
truth: like stupid funny movies
prediction: i am not usually a fan of the reviews from rotten tomatoes rating
truth: mean girls ? i ve never heard of this movie . . . what kid of movie is it ? comedy ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: hello how are you doing today ?
prediction: hi
truth: exactly . i also agree with the response that makes no sense trying to analyze how del toro does it .
prediction: i think they are great in this movie too .
truth: so does the kid keep the UNK out ?
prediction: i think nope ?
truth: and metacritic score of 95 100
prediction: i am not sure
truth: i also can not believe helen mirren was in it . she s great
prediction: i liked the fact that it was a movie that came out in 1995 and still even though
truth: sounds awesome
prediction: emma stone is a great director .
truth: it has good UNK UNK
prediction: it was directed by chris allen
truth: and he crawls out to his car and thinks he makes it home fine when in reality he crashed and basically totaled his car
prediction: i dont remember that part
truth: james
prediction: oh ok
truth: wow ! ! that is great ! often rotten tomatoes can give such poor scores . it sounds like a good movie ! is it animated or live action ?
prediction: i am not sure i have seen that movie . i am surprised that you have not seen any awards .
truth: spielberg is know for his story telling accuracy . i love all of his films
prediction: i think it was really good
truth: i actually have not seen the movie but i ve heard that it s pretty terrible .
prediction: i like batman begins . she is an believable .
truth: i have not seen her in much .
prediction: i think the movie is very high .
truth: hello ! i did not see the movie but know it s highly rated . is that true ?
prediction: it s a really good movie i really enjoyed it .
truth: i am well and you ?
prediction: i am good .
truth: hey have you seen wonder woman yet ?
prediction: hi
truth: hello !
prediction: hi
truth: ah ok . it s sad about michael s background though . he was placed in foster care and would run away each time .
prediction: i am not sure . i am not sure what it s about ?
truth: agent UNK hill arrive at a remote research facility
prediction: i did not know about the movie . i am not a fan of the hulk so i did not like this .
truth: lol yes i see that
prediction: not sure how many the film ?
truth: sounds fun . i do not have kids but a nephew that is around 2 . do you think he would enjoy it ?
prediction: i like the main characters are very funny .
truth: sure th e director was john lasseter .
prediction: i think it was directed received by the top 50 greatest
truth: sounds like an interesting scene
prediction: that is good
truth: i belive it was roberts blossom ?
prediction: he was the favourite that his parents when he went to paris for a week .
truth: he directed it ?
prediction: i agree . i like the idea of 30 years ago !
truth: jennifer aniston lisa ann walter
prediction: the movie is about corporate espionage
truth: yes . it seems people generally agreed that it was a good movie . it got a 92 on rotten tomatoes .
prediction: i agree
truth: yes it has been years since i ve watched it though .
prediction: no i have not seen it .
truth: i was thinking about seeing that one .
prediction: oh ok
truth: madurai
prediction: also leonardo dicaprio
truth: a ready
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: have you seen the movie ?
prediction: i have not seen that movie .
truth: have you seen catch me if you can ?
prediction: hello !
truth: it was certainly different !
prediction: i would say the movie because it was riveting and UNK at UNK when i was saying to read
truth: my favorite part is definitely when they are planning the infiltration of the plastics . sets the tone for the film .
prediction: i like the idea of elisa
truth: i do not think a lead but there is a female cast in the movie though i do not know who
prediction: it s not a action movie for me but i would say curious a lot of times .
truth: haha he is a funny character
prediction: yes that is a good idea for sure
truth: disney pixar to be exact
prediction: some of the main characters
truth: okay .
prediction: i like all of the movies
truth: do you know how long it is ?
prediction: oh i have not seen it but i do not think i have a fan .
truth: is it still in theaters ?
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: oh nice i like morgan freeman . cool he is in it so it s comedy as usual ? that t what jim is best at !
prediction: that is good . i liked how jim carrey is in it as well . he s a great actor !
truth: i ve seen iron man but in different movies
prediction: i do not think i ve seen the movie then
truth: i understand the comedy is pretty funny especially the villains . what did you find funny ?
prediction: i am not sure if i ve seen the movie .
truth: yes most of the time . i am originally from nyc so i am use to the cold weather .
prediction: what movie ?
truth: the movie was released in 2016 .
prediction: it is a comedy .
truth: thoughts ?
prediction: i have not seen it yet but i have not seen it .
truth: the social network . it was released in 2010
prediction: the movie is the imitation game . it is the first movie that is a comedy animation film
truth: yes
prediction: i have not seen it but i have heard good things
truth: apparently his firm was terribly corrupt . he was UNK with fraud . he also became addicted to drugs and UNK .
prediction: they do not recall a lot of black comedy .
truth: i don t know much about the actor
prediction: i think it s a great movie .
truth: he is a bad one . nick fury had everything under control at s . h . i . e . l . d though .
prediction: the other actors actresses that is not the case .
truth: no its really funny because some bad guys try to break in
prediction: yes
truth: i agree . her joining the plastics was not expected
prediction: i think the movie was great . i liked the animation the characters were the most part of the movie
truth: it seems like it would be a movie that you really will need to pay attention to .
prediction: i wonder if you ever watched it ?
truth: what UNK are involved in the movie ? like what country are the UNK
prediction: what do you know about the movie ?
truth: yeah . not a superhero person either .
prediction: oh that is a very good rating . i wonder if it s on netflix or i wonder if it is on netflix
truth: hi h r u UNK ur name
prediction: yes
truth: i think i knew that it also says that it was rated top 50 greatest teen comedies by rotten tomatoes kind of a fun fact !
prediction: i like movies with super clear
truth: yeah directed by steven spielberg
prediction: the main character
truth: it is based on the book the blind side . you should watch it
prediction: i do not think he did not get to do that oher
truth: he voices the main character . it s a 3d animated movie .
prediction: it is a great movie that is a funny movie then i think
truth: yes it is a well crafted film with excellent dance numbers in it
prediction: i think she was a great writer for this film
truth: hello good how are you ?
prediction: i am good how are you ?
truth: which movie do we have ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: i ve found that rotten tomatoes is a good source for reviews . if they score it good it usually is worth seeing .
prediction: yeah i like that . . .
truth: hm i liked buzz . he s got such a big ego and big heart too !
prediction: i thought it was very good . i think it s very entertaining and they made a good ending for the characters .
truth: yes . there s also the police chief named bogo who is a buffalo .
prediction: oh nice
truth: it is no longer in theaters but is available on dvd and netflix !
prediction: it is still in theaters i remember with the rest of the movie .
truth: they thought so because andy was having a birthday party and might get new toys
prediction: the disney think they are trying to get rid
truth: oh wow how does he do home alone ?
prediction: i think they are so many for children
truth: exactly it is really surprising . although all the tragedy the romance takes almost all the attention .
prediction: i did not know that either . i thought it was a good one for my taste .
truth: i suppose when he grows up he s looking to get revenge on the guy who killed his parents .
prediction: i like the idea of the world
truth: tony stark roberts downey jr . is a defense contractor
prediction: it s a very funny movie but i actually think it s a big movie of a superhero movie
truth: that is a very interesting description .
prediction: i agree . i think it was a good movie to watch . i think it would be interesting to the perfect of facebook .
truth: yes it felt as if every scene in the movie grabbed my attention .
prediction: i think the movie was great . i love action movies . he was great in the movie for sure .
truth: i like buzz lightyear because i love tim allen .
prediction: i liked the whole thing as the whole family .
truth: it s not a good film for kids thanks to the violence . it s also been hailed by critics as a great horror thriller .
prediction: that is the setting it was released in 2013 .
truth: i did too . i thought he was UNK .
prediction: i am not sure i do not know
truth: oh yes ! i love that film
prediction: i have not
truth: home alone
prediction: hello
truth: i could watch it with my kids but i did prefer up or the classic disney movies .
prediction: yeah i know
truth: nolan the director had no clue that he was a singer
prediction: sutherland me too
truth: is it in theaters or has it been out for some time
prediction: yes i like superman .
truth: and hes a kid ? how does that happen lol
prediction: yes he is one of the best directors one in year old .
truth: yeah she plays collins tuohy
prediction: i am not sure .
truth: how did his wife die ?
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: yeah i remember it being okay . the actor jesse eisenberg is really good at his job hehe .
prediction: oh i ve seen that one .
truth: it has fantastic critical UNK
prediction: i agree ! i agree with the ratings that the 3d really made the movie i really do not really enjoy disney
truth: the acting is great . there s not a lot of talking but focuses on their rescue by land air and the sea .
prediction: it is a war movie that is a war movie ?
truth: its about jims character playing a news reporter and wants to become a news UNK someday .
prediction: i like jennifer aniston . he was hilarious in carrey
truth: iron man hands down . robert downer jr . killed it ! what about you who was yours ?
prediction: i agree . i really like the other characters . he s perfect as iron man the hulk .
truth: same ! so much fun . i miss lindsay lohan sometimes haha . one of those movies that has a cult following .
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: despicable me
prediction: i have seen it .
truth: have you seen this movie by chance ?
prediction: good how did you like the wolf of wall street ?
truth: monsters university is a good movie with a pretty good cast .
prediction: have you seen the movie the blindside ?
truth: hello .
prediction: hello
truth: see for this movie i wouldnt have minded it going longer since they had a lot to cover .
prediction: too much i like that . i like that because people UNK off in a way .
truth: it would be a good bonding experience . you could show her that even women are strong and can save the world too
prediction: do you like wonder woman ?
truth: do you know who directed this movie ?
prediction: i love that it was not so i liked it
truth: who stars in it
prediction: that is true . i am not sure . i am not sure if the movie is not huh ?
truth: yes . did you enjoy this movie ?
prediction: yes i agree with that . i like that . it is about how that the state are not a major factor
truth: yes the computer animation is even in american 3d .
prediction: i agree . the tamed of the film were great as the male of the film .
truth: what does morgan freeman do in it ?
prediction: i like carrey too . he does a good job . what is the bad ?
truth: i guess you could call it a chick flick then haha .
prediction: girls ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
truth: i think the digital animation is pretty good as well .
prediction: i wonder why i was expecting .
truth: yeah amy adams as lois lane is pretty disappointing . rotten tomatoes only gave it a 27 percent !
prediction: i do not think i ve seen a good one about the ratings i ve seen it .
truth: yeah i saw it in theaters about a month or two ago
prediction: i have not seen that one .
truth: i just started to remember
prediction: i see it in the movie but i am a huge fan of leonardo dicaprio
truth: i felt leonardio dicaprio was a good choice for the part of jordan belfort .
prediction: i agree . i think the movie was a great film
truth: oh i have heard its good what did you think ?
prediction: it is a great movie . it s directed by christopher nolan . have you seen it ?
truth: i was really impressed with the cg and special effects
prediction: i like him as well
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: i would check with rental services but i do know it was released in 2009 .
prediction: yes it has the plot and it also has a great cast as well .
truth: the setting takes place on a plane on a flight to los angeles and even the UNK of la
prediction: yes it is . i think it should be in .
truth: me either . i did she some ad that she was in something but cant recall the name .
prediction: i am not sure about that but i would like to watch it with a lot of action
truth: whats your favorite part of the movie ?
prediction: i potts but i do not know much about the movie but i have not seen interest .
truth: did you enjoy the fact that he could be left behind ?
prediction: i am not familiar with the minions though
truth: oh nice . do you know if it has a good soundtrack ?
prediction: it is a comedy .
truth: lots of effects and uses lots of extras for the time period
prediction: i know it is a thriller and a lot of other characters and stuff . . .
truth: definitely . i actually watched it about a year ago with my wife and it still holds up pretty nicely
prediction: i think i would have to watch it a movie . do you know if i just have a movie to the time ?
truth: those were awesome .
prediction: i would love to see the batman begins . i would say it would be a decent movie .
truth: we both have the same set of documents
prediction: i have not seen that one either . i am a fan of animated movies .
truth: don rickles
prediction: i barely have to put the character on rt . . .
truth: i did not like it
prediction: i think the movie was very good
truth: do you like superhero movies ?
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: i like leonardo as well but i think jonah hill role was quite boring
prediction: i like that it was in black comedy in her career
truth: yeah same here .
prediction: i like it
truth: thats nice
prediction: good how are you ?
truth: i have also read there are scenes in paris . i always love to see those since i have never been .
prediction: i agree . i think we have pulled that info . i am a big fan of the film .
truth: really why ?
prediction: i would say that it was a little bit of UNK to get to be a good movie
truth: not that i know of
prediction: i like sandra bullock
truth: same . i never realized that russell brand was dr . nefario either
prediction: i think it was a good movie .
truth: so people must like zootopia . what kind of animals does she work with or befriend ?
prediction: i will try to watch it . i am not sure if that is the rabbit .
truth: seems appropriate . and funny .
prediction: i guess i have not seen it but i know i have not seen it .
truth: yes
prediction: yes
truth: is iron man a good comic book character ?
prediction: is there any other famous actors in the movie ?
truth: it s basically about an anthropomorphic rabbit named judy hopps pun who wants to be a police officer .
prediction: it s definitely very funny .
truth: okay interesting and what else is it about ?
prediction: oh ok . . . . . .
truth: i thought he was an odd choice at first but he did a great job actually
prediction: yes he was . i love him too .
truth: tom hanks and tim allen were great
prediction: i think so too . . . when did it come out ?
truth: that is not bad . what is it about again ?
prediction: oh wow that is a good movie .
truth: have you ever seen this movie ?
prediction: how are you today ?
truth: hai . the movie is about wonder women
prediction: hi
truth: hello .
prediction: hi
truth: it has a good blend of special effects and set creation but a lot of the fight scenes could never be done without it
prediction: i like how the villan is in the movie then i am not sure about that
truth: it doesnt sound like too much of an action movie the genre UNK scientific
prediction: i am not sure i am a big fan of action movies and fast
truth: yeah they are . i was thinking the same thing i think i have the movie . i kno w who rachel mcadams is
prediction: i think tho is pretty good for their actors .
truth: i am unsure however it is about a rivalry with 2 villains over a stolen pyramid of UNK
prediction: it is a fantasy film
truth: yea that sounds familiar
prediction: yes that is true
truth: seems interesting for sure
prediction: do you generally watch movies with high ratings of other 65 ?
truth: yes benedict cumberbatch and keira knightley are amazing .
prediction: i agree . i wonder if the document is good . i wonder if it won any awards .
truth: it also has a pretty good cast including harry styles jack lowden and fion whitehead ! are you familiar with these actor s works ?
prediction: than what year is the movie ?
truth: it was about some news reporters
prediction: it has a score of 8 10
truth: i was excited to see that patty jenkins the director won accolades as many female directors do not get the credit they deserve .
prediction: i agree . i also liked how the film was based on a book .
truth: yeah ! it was directed by steven speilberg based on a novel of the same name
prediction: i love the movie
truth: what kind of twist
prediction: that is a great movie
truth: it s a good movie . good backstory and basis for the marvel universe .
prediction: robert downey jr . he is jr .
truth: it s not a new movie it was made in 2003 but if you like jim carrey you ll enjoy it .
prediction: it is a pretty good movie to you a chance to see it after a while back with jim carrey and morgan freeman .
truth: oh cool .
prediction: hello
truth: good .
prediction: i am good . how are you ?
truth: so would you recommend it ?
prediction: oh right . i think .
truth: jordan made a fortune selling trashy penny stocks .
prediction: yeah it s a real life movie
truth: i would have been crazy after that too
prediction: i thought the m was pretty good
truth: she did a great job . i was very impressed
prediction: i thought the woman was amazing in the movie . . . when i was a kid
truth: i think it is anna
prediction: i did not know that either .
truth: did it get embellished some ?
prediction: i like the idea of the movie
truth: he did such a great job in this movie . i may have to watch this in the near future
prediction: yes he did
truth: the movie is based on a man s perspective of his career as a stockbroker in new york city . in corruption and fraud he fails on wall street .
prediction: is it a romantic comedy or drama in the movie ?
truth: no a semi alien drama movie lol is best i can describe it
prediction: who is the main character ?
truth: this film is excellent
prediction: yes i have
truth: i agree with you a cinema rating of b and rotten tomatoes rating of 96 is never a joke
prediction: it s a 2010 action flick mark zuckerberg about mark zuckerberg
truth: interesting
prediction: sounds like it . what is it about ?
truth: inception
prediction: the movie is the first one .
truth: hey . the movie we are discussing is catch me if you can
prediction: hello !
truth: hello ! the movie is frozen
prediction: hello
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: that sounds interesting who s in it ?
prediction: i do not know it was based on a book .
truth: yes lol . i like the scene when he went to steal the shrink ray
prediction: i agree . i thought he was a great choice for the animation and the bad guy from his father
truth: lol are the minions the supervillian ?
prediction: that is the one
truth: lol ! that was the best and funniest part !
prediction: oh that is right . i think i will have to check it out .
truth: i disagree with its rating too !
prediction: i do not think i have to see that one .
truth: this movie tells the origin story of bruce wayne from the death of his parents to his journey to become batman
prediction: it was released in 2016 and also play the most part of the movie
truth: what type of animals are the other police officers ?
prediction: i think the movie is based on a book of animals and how .
truth: no i have not
prediction: i agree . i thought it was a good movie i think it was a real life .
truth: yes . sandra is amazing here
prediction: he is a great actor
truth: i guess joseph gordon levitt as arthur .
prediction: i think the movie was very well .
truth: yeah its definetely a must watch
prediction: i do not know what i do not think i have seen it .
truth: yes he s a great actor . john goodman is one of my favorites . he is good in any role .
prediction: i agree . i love dramas movies
truth: this was one of the few comedies that i enjoy watching over and over
prediction: i can not believe that is a great concept !
truth: this was a good one because it was for adults and not just for kids .
prediction: i agree . i also thought the story was a good movie to watch
truth: good how are you ? what is the movie called ?
prediction: i am doing well thanks .
truth: hi there !
prediction: hello
truth: what kind of toy is woody ?
prediction: does tim allen
truth: they screwed a whole bunch of people over
prediction: i rough that
truth: the story line is unique and UNK .
prediction: i have not seen that one . i was just a big fan of his movies .
truth: me either . i just remember it being a big movie at some point
prediction: me too . it seems like it has make reviews scores in it
truth: macaulay culkin is the one who played the kid character
prediction: the main character is the main character played by tom hanks and tim allen
truth: joss whedon is a great director do you ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: is this a comedy a drama ?
prediction: i like movies that are not too much i like football movies .
truth: i agree .
prediction: oh that sounds really good
truth: is he any good ?
prediction: i think it was a while ago
truth: i am not sure why . billy crystal as mike wazowski . . . can not go wrong !
prediction: i thought it was a great movie i am a big fan of the actors .
truth: does it say what the ratings for the movie were ?
prediction: that is true .
truth: how come
prediction: yes
truth: it sounds like a good one . does it have car chases ? or big explosions ?
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: 1 . rotten tomatoes 100 and average 9 10 2 . metacritic score 95 100 3 . cinemascore a
prediction: it was directed by john lasseter john lasseter hancock .
truth: that movie was UNK
prediction: oh ok
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: most of the critics describe it as funny or witty .
prediction: it is a fantasy drama movie . it s a historical drama .
truth: same i think i saw them a couple times in school too . like before we had big breaks like the break before christmas .
prediction: if you like the most animated movies !
truth: where and when does the movie take place ?
prediction: i am not sure about that .
truth: i know it did very well . nolan films tend to be successful .
prediction: becoming you like the film in the film ?
truth: yes i forgot to mention that is loosely based on the true story .
prediction: i have not seen the movie but i have not seen it .
truth: is it a big name cast ?
prediction: i would say it s a war movie .
truth: what else can you tell me about it ?
prediction: that sounds interesting . i like the first pyramid
truth: i guess they were just being prejudice
prediction: i think the whole part is the first female guy that you can not help see the movie
truth: who does tobey maguire play ?
prediction: is it the plot ?
truth: yeah i saw it and loved it . did you like it ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: yeah i like him too
prediction: yes he was great . i also enjoyed the actor and the cast was great too .
truth: is action your favorite genre of movie ?
prediction: i agree it was a great movie . i like the concept and john goodman .
truth: so you have heard of it ?
prediction: it was directed by the french of the film .
truth: yea it got good ratings 69 on rotten and a on cinema score
prediction: it s a good movie
truth: have you seen this animation ?
prediction: good . how are you ?
truth: have you seen mean girls ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: what do you think of stark getting shot by two f 22 UNK fighter jets ! a good UNK suit UNK ?
prediction: robert downey jr . was a good director
truth: yeah that confused me too id like to see that explained in a part two
prediction: yeah i like that about the premise of the movie . i think it would be critical that the plot was not .
truth: yes it all ties in just like the batman vs superman movie before it
prediction: i know that it is a coming of for me
truth: i felt that was really shady but not unheard of .
prediction: i have seen it a few times .
truth: wow sounds pretty interesting .
prediction: i do like she was a great actress
truth: it s about a guy who UNK a weapons company from his father and gets injured by terrorists using his own weapons .
prediction: i think the movie was entertaining . i am not sure who played the founder of the fbi and as well as well .
truth: he UNK to be a anchorman and trys to make things go his way . . . but as we know that cant always happen lol
prediction: i like him too .
truth: sorry a fear of bats
prediction: what is the parents on the movie ?
truth: 78 on rotten tomatoes is high ?
prediction: i thought it was pretty boring but the film is pretty boring .
truth: it s about a group of animals who work in a police station and solve a crime
prediction: no i have not .
truth: yeah we watch a lot of family stuff usually prefer a combo of funny smart and thought provoking
prediction: i do not think comedies
truth: do not think i know ginnifer goodwin
prediction: i like how things they made about a movie that is a plus person .
truth: christmas ? nice . . what happens
prediction: i think the movie is funny .
truth: i did . it was well done .
prediction: yes i did
truth: its called jaws
prediction: it s a great movie
truth: hi
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: wow and it still won awards !
prediction: would you watch it ?
truth: i think so . they were taking a final .
prediction: i think the movie was roar entertaining .
truth: yeah i think we have the vhs somewhere
prediction: that is pretty high .
truth: very nice . who is the main villain in the movie ?
prediction: i did not know what is it about ?
truth: totally and no matter what UNK they had in the movie they kept right on going with their mission
prediction: yeah that was right .
truth: it was released by walt disney pictures and is the 53rd disney animated feature
prediction: it s a good movie to watch with the message and the title and the film
truth: where is the setting of this movie ?
prediction: when he was a true story
truth: it is a recent movie 2017 . i wonder if it s popular .
prediction: i do not think the reviews have been described since it s so far .
truth: nice and i am sure with the technology these days it is really high quality . have you seen it ?
prediction: it was animated it was animated !
truth: i like tom hanks and don rickles . what is the main plot of the movie ?
prediction: oh wow that sounds interesting . what is the movie rated ?
truth: wow that is a great ratings for rotten tomatoes to have given such ratings
prediction: oh wow . i am not sure about that story .
truth: yes . have you seen dunkrik ?
prediction: yes
truth: it s a black comedy based on jordan belfort s UNK about working as a stock broker on wall street in nyc
prediction: it s true but i love leonardo dicaprio in it .
truth: what is the movie about ?
prediction: what is the movie name ?
truth: the movie is wonder woman .
prediction: the movie is about a giant mistakenly left . it s about a boy named nick carraway who is the criminal to be god for the shark .
truth: howdy
prediction: hello
truth: you too
prediction: yeah
truth: the critical response has been very positive . some have called it an UNK masterpiece and the year s most seriously pleasurable entertainment .
prediction: yes . it is a comedy that has a rating of a and is not bad .
truth: who are the actors
prediction: i think he is a good actor
truth: oh so they are not the same . ok . at least the reviews are decent .
prediction: oh i know i had seen the movie . i am not sure if it won any awards awards or than in other people .
truth: is it gru or dr nefario who wants to shrink the UNK
prediction: i like gru gru s and dean accent is one of them and gru s characters
truth: i like movies that take a fresh aspect on things .
prediction: i like that it is a comedy movie . i like it when the first time of the film .
truth: ok
prediction: is it a b movie or is it ?
truth: not at all
prediction: no i have not .
truth: yes . they are in college and they do not get along at first but of course they become best friends .
prediction: oh that is true mike wazowski .
truth: i thought the acting was great . i have followed jordan belfort in the past .
prediction: humor to be honest to see that term .
truth: nice
prediction: oh okay
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: is it a movie about a marvel ?
truth: joss whedon has done a great job .
prediction: i like the avengers of iron man . i am not a fan of the avengers marvel franchise .
truth: let s talk about toy story
prediction: how are you ?
truth: hello
prediction: hi
truth: hello
prediction: hello !
truth: getting adopted by sandra bullock probably saved him from a life of crime and eventual prison .
prediction: i think too too . i like that this movie was a good idea of a sheep and UNK
truth: UNK
prediction: i am a big fan of his
truth: yes just saying
prediction: oh that is very interesting
truth: i do not know that i know anything about turing
prediction: well it s a good movie . i wonder if it s a good movie to watch as well
truth: what do you think about movies in the superhero genre ?
prediction: oh okay . i have not seen the movie .
truth: yes ! i am a fan of stern especially . i ve always enjoyed his acting .
prediction: yes i did
truth: ohhhh ! wonder woman ! do you think she could beat either superman or batman ?
prediction: what is gadot about the movie ?
truth: yes i did a couple of times . would a good rating make you want to see it ?
prediction: yes . i did not know that it was based on a hans christian andersen .
truth: in general i do ! i just saw black panther and really liked that .
prediction: i do . . . . i do not think i ve seen in the films in the future .
truth: anything interesting about it i should know ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: i feel like everyone loves toy story .
prediction: i think i would have to watch it again . i am not sure how it is all about it
truth: oh i agree she s a far stronger character is not she ?
prediction: i agree with that it s been a long time since i ve seen it over over over over over 2 hours
truth: the movie has some great actors for starters . . leonardo dicaprio and jonah hill
prediction: is it a comedy ?
truth: i liked the beginning but i started out UNK out halfway through . did you find ryan gosling believable as a jazz pianist ?
prediction: i really liked it . i really liked it and was a bit good for a movie . i really liked the movie .
truth: hi would you like to discuss the wonder woman movie ?
prediction: hello
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: kevin smith s a good guy . i wonder where they ll go with batman after justice league .
prediction: yeah i like the comic books .
truth: yea i liked how she tried to get revenge over it
prediction: i think the first was a good movie for the first time
truth: you get to know the man behind the suit tony stark .
prediction: the female is female . . . . .
truth: yes it does
prediction: i can not believe that i liked how they would make money for a movie . i wonder why to see it again .
truth: i do not think so
prediction: i would like to see
truth: it got pretty good reviews . it also had a few other pretty big named comedians in it .
prediction: it was directed by dan scanlon .
truth: where is this set ?
prediction: who is the main character ?
truth: i agree . i love it . i like biographical crime movies .
prediction: he s really good in this movie .
truth: me too ! i did not realize steve jobs was involved in the production of toy story .
prediction: i think the critic was great . i did not know that it was based on a hans christian andersen .
truth: that is some pretty high ratings ! i do enjoy robert downey jr . movies can you tell me more about it ?
prediction: downey of man as tony stark is the main character .
truth: awesome ! i trust rotten tomatoes and love spielberg . who stars in it ?
prediction: oh wow . i ve seen a big of the cast and the actors is .
truth: it s about a mute woman who works as a custodian in a high security government lab and she forms a relationship with a captured amphibian creature
prediction: it s about a mute custodian and a mermaid and a mermaid
truth: sandra bullock plays leigh anne tuohy and tim mcgraw plays her husband sean tuohy .
prediction: it is . . . . . . .
truth: it stars meryl streep tom hanks tracy letts and many others
prediction: it s a great movie .
truth: did you read about the movie ?
prediction: yes he is an awesome movie tony stark is a good actress .
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: i liked ellen page s character who is a graduate student of architecture she constructs the dreamscapes in the movie .
prediction: that is a good one . i am not sure if they could be true for the movie .
truth: mother was addicted to drugs .
prediction: yeah i do like football
truth: who do the others play ?
prediction: oh okay .
truth: i liked steve buscemi as well . great character actor
prediction: i agree
truth: excellent movie .
prediction: i like his character .
truth: yah . they released new of a sequel
prediction: yes i have seen it a few times i liked batman in a strange way .
truth: yea it was funny about the africa trip
prediction: i liked it . i think he s a really good actor .
truth: yees
prediction: i love how much ana make the movie
truth: concur . i also did not know that wow . the movie UNK sold the idea that toys come to life when we are not looking
prediction: woody is a voice for woody and buzz
truth: it remained fresh without rehashing old stuff . yes loved john goodman and billy crystal . a good pairing
prediction: i liked it . i think the same is a good movie
truth: love he s movies he such an awesome director . what character was dicaprio playing ?
prediction: yes i have seen that one . i thought the movie was great .
truth: whos your favorite character
prediction: yes
truth: macaulay culkin
prediction: it s a lot of comedy
truth: i am watching the great gatsby .
prediction: the notebook
truth: great
prediction: i have to ask you about the movie
truth: hi !
prediction: hello
truth: it was great ! i thought that his outfit looked UNK to the comic book UNK .
prediction: i agree . i think the plot was pretty messed of the age .
truth: what movie ?
prediction: i am not sure . i am not familiar with him
truth: yes
prediction: it s a comedy that takes place in moors
truth: cool . so it takes place in france .
prediction: trevor a lot of character on the plot ?
truth: i believe joe pesci is also in it ?
prediction: he is the perfect ! i think i ve seen any of his other movies before he is in anything else !
truth: very exciting
prediction: i high know the reviews
truth: its a black comedy . . some parts were funny but most were drama . belfort did almost two years in prison .
prediction: it s a true story .
truth: critics and audiences both loving the movie UNK it s got 8 . 8 10 on imdb
prediction: i think he did a good job with the bad guy in the movie .
truth: hulk s role was a UNK for me but he really UNK with the cast in his own way
prediction: i like that others you ! i like that they added in this movie
truth: me as well i love the idea of a female super hero
prediction: i did not realize that was a movie i would like it was a movie that would you be in my opinion ?
truth: the previews looked good
prediction: oh cool . i have not seen it yet but it is a musical to see .
truth: angelina jolie does a fantastic job playing the part of maleficent .
prediction: i have not seen that movie but i have too much into it .
truth: yes i have seen iron man . have you ?
prediction: i am good . how are you ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: oh yeah he did .
prediction: the town scene is a great villain and the fox guy .
truth: hahahaha ! ! ! i was just thinking of sid !
prediction: i think his name i would have to watch it again if i have seen it
truth: hmm catherine ohara maybe
prediction: i think i remember when i was the spectacle but it was not
truth: it sounds kinda blah just from the title
prediction: i think it was pretty good
truth: me either . i like movies where people pursue dreams and all but this sounds like too much .
prediction: i would not watch this movie .
truth: so the washington post during vietnam . . . . the newspaper ?
prediction: i do not remember the this of the movie
truth: right ? such an accomplished country star yet another UNK talented individual !
prediction: i like the idea of the football player he was good could be a good actor .
truth: it s an american biographical crime film directed by steven spielberg
prediction: i love those movies . i love those movies . i love those movies so i am not sure what it is .
truth: i liked robert downey jr as tony stark iron man .
prediction: i like the character judy
truth: you have to watch it because is it a very good story and based on real life .
prediction: yes i have seen it . it s a comedy
truth: sometimes . i most often check what UNK UNK s review site has to say . how about you ?
prediction: yes i like rotten tomatoes .
truth: yeah greatly recommend it !
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: what movie in particular ?
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: i have actually never seen it superhero movies are not my thing . you ?
prediction: i am a big fan of benedict cumberbatch but it is a pretty good movie .
truth: the avengers from 2012
prediction: hello
truth: how are you
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: he was one of the best o UNK
prediction: i have a lot of money
truth: kristen bell and idina menzel sing
prediction: it s about a boy who is the police and her sister and control snowman about the film .
truth: this key scene kind of reminds me of the matrix .
prediction: i like the movie too much .
truth: it does not say . but it got a 92 on rt .
prediction: i am familrar to see the movie inception .
truth: downey is talented
prediction: tony stark is in this movie
truth: oh what is a black comedy . i UNK
prediction: who is in it ?
truth: the review introduction looks good . the critical response UNK . i do agree with the description as a superb thriller .
prediction: yes i agree . i really liked the version of the story line
truth: how so
prediction: i like the actors that UNK . i love movies that is .
truth: is it a musical ?
prediction: i like parts of the main then s mother of the movie was called the director .
truth: it seems like it would be worthwhile to watch
prediction: i know that is a very good movie
truth: i actually havent seen this movie . i definitely heard of it though .
prediction: i have seen the movie home alone . what did you think about the movie the home alone ?
truth: it s a very good superhero film do you like it ?
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: i am good . how about you ?
prediction: hello !
truth: what is the name of the movie ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: we will be discussing the movie monsters university today . have you heard of it ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: hello how are you ?
prediction: hello
truth: so what else should i know ?
prediction: i liked the movie as well .
truth: i see
prediction: i like the suspense and that he started him in the world but he did a great job .
truth: the stupid mayor hides the first shark attack because he does not want to lose the tourist UNK de .
prediction: i am not familiar with that but the 1980s is a fictional score of starring
truth: yes i like that it s a dc movie with a female lead
prediction: is it a movie ?
truth: i am not even sure if some individuals in metacritic score have seen the film . if so there wouldn
prediction: i agree . it was a large thriller in this movie as well as the main character in this movie as well .
truth: its a biographical crime film
prediction: the movie is based on a book so i am trying to see it .
truth: sorry i went to UNK
prediction: yes it s a very good movie . i am not sure if it s a dark movie that is based off of a young story
truth: which year is that movie from ?
prediction: i am not familiar with the part of the movie . how about you ?
truth: i ve yet to be caught up on the likes of infinity war and black panther UNK ive heard theyre good
prediction: i think you should watch the movie
truth: jason bateman ginnifer goodwin idris elba and jenny slate do the main character s voices .
prediction: it is great .
truth: sure
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: this seems like it could be a great movie
prediction: i like comedies
truth: yes i have . have you ?
prediction: yes i have seen it .
truth: good . . . you ?
prediction: good thanks for asking
truth: i want to recommend a movie for you . it s called bruce almighty .
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: the shape of water has a great ratings
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: do you generally like romantic movies ?
prediction: did you like the movie the best ?
truth: yes
prediction: yes i think so
truth: yes perfect combination of drama and fun ! great for adults and kids !
prediction: oh that sounds interesting . i do not think i somehow the creature and it is hard to do list and i think he could be better .
truth: that sounds adorable . is toy story a disney movie ?
prediction: oh i like the first where they are in the past of their head .
truth: i never knew how to spell chilatauri
prediction: oh ok . what is the plot ?
truth: do not know that actor .
prediction: i think the lizzy is depressing .
truth: what is the name of the princess ?
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: can you tell me more UNK it ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: yup me too .
prediction: yes he was great but i know he was great .
truth: that is an interesting title . who s in it ?
prediction: i think it is a good movie to watch with my taste to tell me about it .
truth: in the future .
prediction: it s a fantasy film
truth: great ! please tell me about it
prediction: i think you should watch the movie .
truth: great ! i ve never heard of that movie . what is it about ?
prediction: i am good . how are it ?
truth: this is a christian bale movie
prediction: yes i have seen it series series it was a while
truth: no the snow just missed us
prediction: hi
truth: hello !
prediction: hi
truth: yes the new paragraph has already captured my heart i just love stories like this !
prediction: yes it s all about story and dragon to be all about the characters of the film
truth: the critic responses for the movie are also pretty good
prediction: i like the movie as well
truth: honestly i was just looking at a description of it you ve gotten me interested
prediction: it s a very good movie i like that .
truth: yeah
prediction: i think they are a bit first one of the first movie i ve seen it
truth: interesting point . it was definitely a specific pick of character .
prediction: i think that is a black comedy .
truth: was the newspaper UNK pro war or against war ?
prediction: it s a very love story about the washington post to publish the pentagon papers .
truth: yeah jennifer anniston gotta be good
prediction: i think so .
truth: ok i do not have the document on my end is it all about despicable me ?
prediction: i agree ! i think it s a great movie i enjoy but i think it s got a while to see !
truth: the film was not perfect but it was visually stunning
prediction: i think she is a good actress
truth: he wears the suit because he wants to protect good people .
prediction: he is . he s suit . he is a funny character !
truth: yes
prediction: i like the hulk of this
truth: it basically portrays the story from the perspective of maleficent and depicting her troubled relationships with the princess and the king of a corrupt kingdom
prediction: it is a 3d fantasy film based on a hans christian andersen . it was a very engaging film .
truth: robert downey as role on iron man
prediction: it s about a boy who is played by his family and is a playboy ceo hulk
truth: did you agree with the overall rating given UNK the movie ?
prediction: what is the main character ?
truth: do you enjoy black comedies ?
prediction: yes he was great . he was truly to be a doctor role in his house .
truth: yes
prediction: i like the movie
truth: metacritics UNK it with an 87 which is not bad at all . maybe pie was the deciding factor .
prediction: exactly . i have not seen it in a long time !
truth: guess that is understandable then . at least he did not have to deal with being grounded anymore .
prediction: yeah i could not remember the mom of the UNK and how he was going to be UNK that he was unknown with him
truth: ahh okay well now i am not sure if i want to watch it hahaha
prediction: i dont think that is avg bad
truth: i do too i thought his role was very funny
prediction: i think you would not watch idris idris but the message was not entertaining for the characters especially idris .
truth: ill have to rent that movie tomorrow UNK
prediction: yeah that is a lot . i remember that .
truth: really !
prediction: i never saw child that was a bit slow
truth: carrey is a great comedian and he was great in this movie
prediction: carrey plays a great director
truth: who was your favorite character ?
prediction: i am not sure . i think the UNK of the movie is from the people but the way was not from the bad movie .
truth: i really like meryl streep and tom hanks . 88 seems unusually low for those actors .
prediction: i have not heard of that either .
truth: it was daniel stern .
prediction: i agree . i remember catherine o guy as kevin was a bit surprised
truth: i do not typically watch animated movies but somehow watch this one .
prediction: i do not think i ve seen that but i would not have to see it again i would have to agree with the ratings .
truth: yes please do so
prediction: i think it would have to have an 8 10 but it s funny of the best drama that it got high ratings !
truth: which actors are in it ?
prediction: i think the recent sounded have looked since it was released in 2016 .
truth: no but i would love to . what is some of the premise of the movie ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: oh boy that is an old one .
prediction: i am not sure about that !
truth: yes . are you familiar with macaulay culkin ?
prediction: yes i have seen it but i have not seen it but i have seen it but i have seen it .
truth: does it have good ratings with critics ?
prediction: i do not think i ve ever seen it in theaters i have seen it in theaters but i do not think they are adorable in it .
truth: yeah i did UNK that especially in the finale at the UNK .
prediction: i think that is cool .
truth: i like all of them . does it stay true to the comic books ?
prediction: what did you think about the key scenes ? i am not sure what the entire was called !
truth: but then again i dont put too much stock into rt . to each s own .
prediction: its a war movie
truth: i think you would love the deeply moving aspect of it as well .
prediction: i do not think i would like to watch it because it sounds like a pretty good movie .
truth: wow that sounds pretty deep . who is the bad guy ?
prediction: oh that sounds interesting . do you know what the main character who s character which is ?
truth: no
prediction: they did not get boring but i am not sure what they are in .
truth: i did like it
prediction: i like that they are voiced .
truth: yeah it s been given some pretty good critical responses .
prediction: it was a great movie in the movie it was released in 2016 . it is also great .
truth: sounds good
prediction: who is in it ?
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: the main character is a bit who is not trying to be a doctor .
truth: not so much . i usually like super hero movies get my mind off day to day problems . but that one was bad
prediction: not really . i think the critics have to be good .
truth: that was good
prediction: yes
truth: it was produced by walt disney animation studios and release by walt disney pictures .
prediction: i do not know about that !
truth: i agree . did you like lindsay lohan in it ?
prediction: yes it is .
truth: i have no document do you ?
prediction: have you seen the movie the blindside ?
truth: it s definitely a good one to watch all over again . its one of those movies you just can not get enough of
prediction: haha ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
truth: yes i apologize i had to UNK a section . . .
prediction: yes
truth: the movie came out in 2008 and some of the critically acclaimed responses were expansively entertaining and impressive sets and mechanics
prediction: leonardo dicaprio is in it and a man .
truth: and the good guy victor with hilarious UNK accent tries to stop this
prediction: i agree . it s plans somewhat
truth: its an odd concept but a pretty cool one . its not one that is over used .
prediction: i think i would have to check it out .
truth: its like watching a trainwreck
prediction: well it s a very good movie i guess movie
truth: it was really sad when andy had to say goodbye to woody at the end
prediction: buzz that is buzz lightyear UNK people
truth: gru
prediction: he was a good one .
truth: spooky places are cool
prediction: i thought it was a great movie
truth: lol we done here
prediction: i like that they are pretty harsh
truth: so you did not like the movie ?
prediction: i think it was pretty good . it was not a good movie to watch with the whole family but i think it was pretty
truth: i loved mr potato head .
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: it s great as it appeals to the current situations that are going in the media today
prediction: it s based on a book book by steven spielberg
truth: and anything with morgan freeman is always good
prediction: i like him . he is a pretty good actor .
truth: i have not seen it . i do like animated movies .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: so have you ever seen the movie social network ?
prediction: great !
truth: that is the one i was thinking of .
prediction: i agree . he is a great actor in this movie . he is great in my opinion .
truth: i know ! ! ! this was also the debut for margot robbie which was quite interesting !
prediction: i wasn love that movie . i wasn think that is a good movie to watch !
truth: it was funny when they said ms norbury was a drug dealer
prediction: i think it was better than the burn book
truth: ok tom hanks i know well
prediction: ya i remember toy was the way of toy story
truth: does someone go to jail or do you know ?
prediction: is it still or not ?
truth: but what is the premise of the movie ?
prediction: is it a comedy ?
truth: i see are there any other famous actors besides leonardo di caprio ?
prediction: i think it s a really good movie that is interesting .
truth: he s so funny
prediction: oh that is what i think i would have to watch it again
truth: who made the movie ?
prediction: i think it s pretty funny ! i think that is a long time to watch
truth: great its a comedy movie i think so
prediction: it s animated that it will be great !
truth: comedy
prediction: yes he is in the slapstick of the world war 2
truth: it s based on the comic character and tells the story of princess diana who grows up on the amazon island of themyscira .
prediction: i thought it was pretty good
truth: is it 3d like pixar movies ?
prediction: that is good to know
truth: oh yes ! it s one of my favorites . i actually have the dvd .
prediction: i have not seen the movie .
truth: so frozen is a really good disney movie have you seen it ?
prediction: the movie is called the wolf of wall street .
truth: yo you really need to watch toy story . it has 100 on rotten tomatoes !
prediction: hello
truth: dicaprio shines in this movie in a type of role he does not normally play in movies .
prediction: becoming that it was a good film for the fact when they are UNK that ?
truth: it s good for kids . the protagonist andy is only 6
prediction: yes i agree with the critics . it s a pixar animation film . it s a animated comedy adventure .
truth: thats a good length .
prediction: i know . i do not know what he is in this movie ?
truth: how could that happen ?
prediction: that is the main character is a little dull .
truth: yes . he has friends such as james and his wife personal assistance pepper .
prediction: tony stark is his girlfriend . he does not get good bad in the movie but s character was bogged .
truth: ok good . it looks like oher was first round pick .
prediction: i do not think so
truth: oh do you know anything else he has directed ? i ve not heard of him .
prediction: i like alfie .
truth: i do
prediction: i am not sure if it s been a while since i ve seen it but i would not give it a try
truth: very much
prediction: i also liked the music and reviews effects
truth: it sounds like it . . . tell me more
prediction: i do like the dunkirk of the dunkirk and the dunkirk of the movie .
truth: i watched all the president s men around the same time as the post and found them to be very similar .
prediction: it was based on a true story about the story of facebook and she is in it as well .
truth: ah okay
prediction: that is a good movie
truth: yes josh whedon an amazing director
prediction: yes
truth: ive seen it
prediction: oh i did not know that
truth: hello
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: how do you like the movie the great UNK ?
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: i see
prediction: oh that is weird
truth: not sure if jennifer aniston makes sense in this film as the girlfriend
prediction: i agree . i think that is the night is not listed
truth: the irs caused him to become a criminal huh . . . usually it goes the other way !
prediction: i am not sure i do not know why i would say it s more than recent years .
truth: well it was interesting to say the least . the idea of planting something into another persons subconscious made me think for sure .
prediction: yes i think the movie was from on the top 50 greatest .
truth: it is !
prediction: i am not sure i am just to talk about the movie .
truth: is it out on dvd or in theaters still ?
prediction: i do not think it was pg 13 yet
truth: yeah i wish it could have a better plot
prediction: i like him in the movies
truth: he sets booby traps up on them .
prediction: yeah . i think it would be a decent movie
truth: who are the singers ?
prediction: i did not know it was based on a true story .
truth: its a disney story
prediction: oh that is interesting .
truth: that is nice
prediction: ok
truth: it is not as memorable as the first .
prediction: i have seen it . i like disney movies . . . i am surprised to see him .
truth: oh that was good i hope to see the movie soon
prediction: i do enjoy tina fey is in it .
truth: should i admit that i ve seen it ? haha . what does it want you to tell me about it ?
prediction: it s a great movie
truth: yes . . what about you ?
prediction: yes i do
truth: yea i watched lalaland loved it
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: idk why its called shape of water
prediction: yes it is ! i am not sure about the movie but i do not think i would have to it it then them
truth: yes ! she is so beautiful . that scene when she comes out of the room UNK was crazy .
prediction: i think it s been a while that is the first of all the first time i wasn seen any of his other movies .
truth: bye
prediction: i have not seen it either
truth: UNK potato head was my favorite
prediction: yes that was a good choice for the whole part of the movie .
truth: what role did jennifer aniston have ?
prediction: i do not know why they had to take that in .
truth: ok
prediction: who else was in the movie ?
truth: you imagine that someone like the doctor UNK UNK could open a UNK in real life ?
prediction: i do not know if i am not sure
truth: i liked him in UNK . it was a charlie UNK biopic . he was great in natural born UNK as well . who else stars in it ?
prediction: what is the main character ?
truth: i have more time
prediction: ok bro
truth: yeah the reviews were not the greatest . one says carrey is hilarious in the slapstick scenes but the movie gets bogged down in the treacle .
prediction: oh i see . is he successful in the movie ?
truth: it was UNK because it was meant to be .
prediction: i agree with the critics and i liked the movie and was not it as good as the male and made is his siblings
truth: yeah it must be you dont see movies with those ratings any more
prediction: i do not know . i am a big fan of the director joss whedon and the critics have thought it was too good
truth: should i see it ? what is it about ?
prediction: it was directed by christopher nolan
truth: yes i find it quite right because the movie actually deserved it .
prediction: i think the movie is pretty good
truth: i have not seen it who s in the movie ?
prediction: yes i love it a lot
truth: do you like leonardo dicaprio ?
prediction: hello
truth: i agree may have to watch it again
prediction: it s a dark girl movie to enjoy about the whole family and the other battles
truth: i actually do not know if it did win any but i would be shocked if it did not
prediction: i have not .
truth: i know ! it won a bunch of awards if i remember well .
prediction: i have info that is a good movie . it has a 92 on rotten tomatoes and a 92 of a rating of a !
truth: was not that how all movies were ?
prediction: i like movie when you family the next premise ! i would like to see how the family fit the movie lol .
truth: haha wow . they must have a very large family .
prediction: oh that is true
truth: how did the movie review ?
prediction: i think he is the main character and is a princess when he gets injured .
truth: i am UNK
prediction: do you know the name of name ?
truth: i think it gives the movie emotional depth . however most musicals are tied to romance .
prediction: i liked the first one tied about the relationship between bruce wayne and is not a great job to pull that way
truth: i feel it was really the first in the modern era of superhero movies
prediction: i have seen that movie and that movie is good enough to hear up in the office
truth: i heard good things about it and the ratings seem pretty strong
prediction: i have not seen that one either
truth: i think you should watch it . kristen bell does the voice of anna .
prediction: i think so . . .
truth: UNK and warm
prediction: i am good . i am a big fan of animation and i really enjoyed it .
truth: ohhh that film
prediction: hi ! i really enjoyed the movie . i really enjoyed it .
truth: i have not but i would like to . have you seen it ?
prediction: hello !
truth: hi how did you like toy story ?
prediction: hello
truth: i really like the movie zootopia .
prediction: hello
truth: done
prediction: i like the shark of the movie
truth: what leigh anne did is amazing
prediction: i think that the reviews were interesting
truth: i ve liked movies that got lower
prediction: i thought it was pretty good .
truth: it is slightly relevant but also includes the high chase of fbi agents going after him !
prediction: that is the movie about .
truth: you are right .
prediction: if you have great movies that are not bad but i would have to watch it again if i think i will have to see it
truth: it s about a stockbroker and two guys get into sex and drugs
prediction: no i do not think i ve seen it .
truth: i do not think i know that character i actually am not really familiar with comic books .
prediction: i like the show of the story where i am more younger lol
truth: i have no clue who that is lmao
prediction: leonardo dicaprio
truth: what year did the movie come out ?
prediction: oh i like action movies . what is it about ?
truth: yeah
prediction: comic movies
truth: the director is guillermo del UNK o
prediction: i do not know who is the director of michael oher
truth: thats good . the movie bruce almighty seems like it would be a really good movie to watch . it got a cinemascore of an a .
prediction: i am good . how are you ?
truth: i adore ryan gosling ! and yes that is a pretty good rating .
prediction: pretty good . what is it about ?
truth: not bad . you ?
prediction: good how are you ?
truth: hey hey
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: that i dont know about . seems a bit hard to believe
prediction: i am not sure how much money is the genre ?
truth: i do not recall what movie this is . it doesnt sound like anything i saw a preview for . is the film rated r ?
prediction: what do you think of the plot ?
truth: what do the critics say ?
prediction: i watch it
truth: he definitely made a great movie like a woody allen movie but with more pizazz !
prediction: yes ! it is also fun for the fact that was the fact !
truth: yes i like them . especially when they focus on just one superhero .
prediction: yes he is a good actor .
truth: he is a good actor usually !
prediction: i would say this movie is set in the film but i thought it was a sad movie to watch
truth: i think keanu reeves is a great actors but action movies are not really my UNK
prediction: what is the main character ?
truth: oh wow a kid gets left alone how does that happen lol
prediction: yes i watched joe pesci and burglars .
truth: yeah i actually even bought it when it came to dvd . lol
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: it s a super hero movie . how do feel about that genre ?
prediction: it is a great movie .
truth: lets talk inception
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: yes you ?
prediction: yes i did
truth: did you see this movie ?
prediction: yes i did
truth: oh yeah
prediction: hi
truth: i saw this movie but it was geared towards younger people have you seen it ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: good evening
prediction: hello
truth: oh wow 100 on rotten tomatoes
prediction: yes .
truth: do you agree with them
prediction: i like the story and legal years
truth: yes it is a disney movie
prediction: it s about toys that he was in the school and a by his family and the way he has a really high school .
truth: no we are talking about the first one
prediction: yes
truth: really ? i wonder how graphic those scenes are .
prediction: i have read the same .
truth: it s based on a UNK book
prediction: i guess she is really good .
truth: yes i am not sure what we are even suppose to talk about lol
prediction: i love when movies are out in the movie
truth: this was my childhood movie lol
prediction: i am surprised pesci the critics reviews . i think the critics have to look at it out .
truth: it s just so stale you know ?
prediction: i do not even know that it s for mark .
truth: oh really
prediction: i think this was a hitman years ago or there
truth: it is about facebook and how it started the film aired in 2010
prediction: i do not think i ve seen it in any other films it s based on a true story
truth: it stars ryan gosling and emma stone . it also features john legend and callie hernandez .
prediction: it is a world war called the world in the past called the world .
truth: directed by chris columbus
prediction: it was good
truth: what is your favorite movie ?
prediction: i like movies but i like that it s a comedy . it s not a major comedy but i like movies
truth: nice . did you like it ?
prediction: it s macaulay culkin s kid
truth: yes
prediction: i am not sure about that
truth: you seem to have researched all the aspects
prediction: it s based on the short of july facebook
truth: that is how i feel also . there are so many good actors in it too .
prediction: i do not recall the rest of the film but it was rated on netflix . it is a good cast of drama .
truth: so victor is the good guy i see
prediction: i think gru s a great director
truth: 76 100 on metacritic
prediction: i am not sure
truth: yeah it really was a work of genius to make that film especially with the highs and lows of a cowboy and an astronaut .
prediction: i think the movie is a great movie .
truth: oh pretty big name . did it do prettygood in box office sales ?
prediction: oh nice . . . . i like the movie
truth: its roughly over 140 minutes
prediction: it s a 2013 movie that is based on a book
truth: yes i am thinking that this one was not targeted to children though . what do you think about angelina jolie as the lead role ?
prediction: i am not sure about that . what do you think about angelina jolie as the lead role ?
truth: i also like jonah hill
prediction: i agree . i always liked the movie with my favorite .
truth: is it a dry humor ?
prediction: i love the movie was great as well
truth: you must watch it if you like superhero movies
prediction: woman . i am not sure about that but i am not sure if it will be that good .
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: i think he is a good actor . i think he s a great actor .
truth: yes i like this genre
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: do you know the director and the cast ?
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: the social network . this movie seems like it got a lot of good feedback from critics .
prediction: the wolf of wall street
truth: yes it was very enjoyable
prediction: yes i did .
truth: i do not think i am familiar with any of them .
prediction: yes
truth: they kept trying to UNK the home and kevin kept setting up booby traps .
prediction: i think it s a movie for me but i think it s a movie to watch
truth: yeah 2003 was right after friends had ended so she was at the height of her fame .
prediction: i am not sure . i thought it s a classic movie .
truth: snow white in what movie ?
prediction: i think the movie is sad the fact that they are both men and UNK UNK UNK and other other
truth: i see and does the supervillian use this as a weapon ? or does the good guy use it ?
prediction: it is a romantic comedy
truth: is that a kind of drama ?
prediction: what happens
truth: i think i ve heard of that . is not tom hanks in it ?
prediction: it s a crime movie
truth: the plot of the movie is mike and UNK going to college
prediction: what is your favorite part of this movie ?
truth: oh great
prediction: oh i did not know but i think it s a lot of funny animals .
truth: i liked rudy .
prediction: i do like sports but i am not into sports movies .
truth: excellent . anything else ?
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: what actors are in dunkirk ?
prediction: what was the movie about ?
truth: i liked him too
prediction: i like leonardo dicaprio as well
truth: it came out in 2009
prediction: i have not seen that movie .
truth: hello how are you ? what movie are we discussing today ?
prediction: hello
truth: hello ! seen any good movies lately ?
prediction: hello
truth: was it filmed at more than one location ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: do you agree with teh critics responses ?
prediction: ok
truth: do you like superhero movies ?
prediction: yes i agree . i would have never like real life
truth: some great actors . roy schneider robert shaw richard dreyfuss and lorraine gary .
prediction: it s really good . it s definitely an orphaned child .
truth: did she UNK in the movie as a result of jordan belfort s actions ?
prediction: so you know what is the movie about ?
truth: i love jazz music
prediction: i would say this was a good movie .
truth: oh remember tim allen was buzz
prediction: yes . . . i loved the sheep having scene . i loved the main character as well as the first one is quite the kid .
truth: yes it was !
prediction: yes i love the movie that is the only reason . i am not sure it s directed by this movie .
truth: i think the reviews were too good .
prediction: i did not . i did not realize that i was not sure that . . .
truth: do you have an opinion about chief bogo ?
prediction: i am not familiar with them but i am not familiar with them
truth: neither have i .
prediction: i have not seen it yet
truth: zootopia yeah that was good
prediction: i agree . i thought it was good and i love the movie and i thought it was a good movie .
truth: olleh
prediction: we are talking about
truth: oh yes ! i really enjoyed that movie ! do you like it ?
prediction: have you seen it ?
truth: what is the name of the movie ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: hey
prediction: hello
truth: i agree . do you think the movie rating was fair ?
prediction: i do not think i do not think ! i do not think ! i do not always like the reviews from the way but the movie was very good
truth: yeah
prediction: i think i would have to see that it was a period movie
truth: to prove her UNK and go against type for a bunny . it s small town girl dreaming of the big city .
prediction: i like judy in this officer and then he has a lot of money .
truth: i like how easy to relate the beginning of the story is moving due to UNK difficulties affair UNK . . .
prediction: i agree . his mother was victor and is offered . . .
truth: you did not like his performance or the movie as a whole ?
prediction: i think the movie is about a way of stock market
truth: doesnt quite work in real life
prediction: haha
truth: it sounds like they were able to turn it out relatively quickly .
prediction: is there a lot more ?
truth: it starts on an airplane UNK a man bringing a body home to be buried
prediction: it s about a world war ii .
truth: is it a movie that you would like to see ?
prediction: and what is your favorite part of the movie ?
truth: steve carell voice gru
prediction: i think it would be a good movie for you or more
truth: yep metacritic gave it 95 100 and cinemascore gave it an a
prediction: oh wow that sounds interesting
truth: released in 2012
prediction: robert downey jr
truth: a so a UNK UNK
prediction: i like the part in the world and they are like .
truth: i remember seeing it in the theatre . . . it was weird how the walls moved in this film . do you remember that part ?
prediction: it is a great movie that has a rotten tomatoes score of 96
truth: hello
prediction: yes i have not seen it but i have not seen it but have not seen it good have you ?
truth: hello how are you today ?
prediction: hello
truth: i love the role the plastics play in the film definitely keeps you entertained when lindsay lohan joins in
prediction: i think tina fey is a great actor .
truth: is it kinda like that adam UNK movie jack jill ?
prediction: i am not sure about that . what is it about ?
truth: yeah though i am much more familiar with the film . i was surprised to learn it was directed by the same people who made lilo stitch
prediction: i think hiccup is a great cast
truth: maybe
prediction: i think the critics were pretty good . i think he was great in the movie i think .
truth: i think tim allen is a very underated actor
prediction: yes i agree
truth: have you ever tried ? ?
prediction: yes
truth: the main character is a rabbit who becomes a police officer
prediction: yes doing human than human into human and kingdom
truth: steve rogers stunt also remarkable to make success of this movie
prediction: i agree . i like the hulk that he was in that he could get UNK
truth: it is a live action flick based on a comic book .
prediction: it s a world war movie which is very funny .
truth: i enjoy them for the most part . . they are a fun escape from reality .
prediction: i thought the movie was very good . i like marvel movies . i like movies a lot . i thought it was very good .
truth: oh i am so interested in watching that movie . . i am
prediction: i have not seen it yet .
truth: the cast looks amazing ! i used to really love leonardo dicaprio . i have not heard about it .
prediction: i have seen it but i have seen it but i have seen it a few times .
truth: who is in it ?
prediction: that is a good rating on rotten tomatoes
truth: comedy and animation
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: i think so
prediction: i have not .
truth: i have not seen it how is it ?
prediction: no
truth: not enemies but dragons were flying and hunting the animals in the village
prediction: the boy UNK of the movie was a good movie .
truth: i love those cute little yellow guys !
prediction: that did not really like it . i think the movie deserves it was a nice movie for sure .
truth: too scary for younger ?
prediction: i do not watch ages ages good ones .
truth: maybe they did not like the director . also i could see how some parts of the movie anger people
prediction: yes
truth: lol yes thats true ! love a good movie that draws you in
prediction: i am not sure about that . but not my son .
truth: yeah it had a good meaning . using animals to talk about stereotypes .
prediction: i think that it was a real life but i think it was interesting that was the one that came out
truth: it looks like critics particularly praised sandra bullock s performance .
prediction: i love that they also was a good guy
truth: i dont think it was particularly slow
prediction: i think it should be a good movie
truth: ohh well that took a interesting UNK
prediction: yeah im not sure
truth: what about it ?
prediction: yes
truth: the marvel studios produced avengers and they choose per UNK script
prediction: ya that sounds interesting .
truth: yes she leaves the island that she grew up on to save the world .
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: i have heard of it . have you seen it ?
prediction: it s a very good movie . it has a cinemascore of a .
truth: its very funny with a lot of popular actors actresses such as jim carey and jennifer aniston
prediction: robert downey jr .
truth: nah that went out of style years ago lol
prediction: i do not like movies .
truth: hi
prediction: hi
truth: i like the when hanks is always just this close to catching him but ultimately took years
prediction: i like the movie because i think it s got more low on rotten tomatoes and 81 metacritic score of 74 100 and cinemascore really 100
truth: a frame story so to speak . it gives a good perspective to the plot .
prediction: i agree .
truth: it was cool when a wormhole was UNK so loki could reach earth .
prediction: i like that it is a comedy .
truth: his early years really show that greatly
prediction: i think so too . i think jim carrey was hilarious .
truth: exactly . i loved this movie when i was little and still love it when i am now an adult .
prediction: that is interesting ! i did not like movies that was a while .
truth: not a whole lot of action .
prediction: that is good . i ve never heard of that .
truth: its a little too mature for children
prediction: so that is a lot more about money
truth: it is decent .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: wow thats intriguing
prediction: i like leo dicaprio !
truth: yes exactly .
prediction: i think the critics were spot on the metacritic score was fair . i think they are so far .
truth: wow quite old i must say
prediction: oh ok nah
truth: hey i am doing great thanks . you ?
prediction: yes i have never seen a movie about a couple of la la land .
truth: i did not see it . did you ?
prediction: i like all the wonder woman of wonder woman .
truth: this sounds very different from the rest of nolan s movies .
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: ya
prediction: hi
truth: what would you like to talk about ?
prediction: i am doing sure this movie is a great movie .
truth: but this villain named falcone killed the guy first
prediction: i would say that batman is a good film
truth: what else did metacritic say
prediction: i am not sure if i ve seen that one .
truth: jonah hill is never the main character he is always somebody else baggage .
prediction: i think they act in real life UNK of people to life
truth: ok thats good i do want to see it but its kind of long
prediction: e i think of
truth: it came out back in 2003 so it s somewhat old but sometimes older comedies are better .
prediction: i think its a lot of good movies
truth: oh yeah i guess i could explain the rating are all over the place i honestly didn t even know rotten tomatoes around in the 90s
prediction: the director of the movie
truth: is it like a comic book or is it live action ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: i see
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: how do you think jon favreau did with the directing ?
prediction: i think that the movie was interesting . i liked the fact in the movie .
truth: yes it s inspirational and makes you want to be a better person
prediction: i am going to convince to see that .
truth: yes . that is it good stars in it too
prediction: it s a true story about that is story about that was a true story was a true story
truth: what
prediction: it s about a newspaper newspaper about newspaper social network
truth: i have not but it s on my list
prediction: no i do not . i have not .
truth: agreed i like the rating from glamour . i am a huge fan of their content .
prediction: it s about a rabbit from this film from their life .
truth: hello !
prediction: no i have not .
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: it also has some big names for the voice roles including tom hanks tim allen and don rickles
prediction: oh wow . i am not sure about that
truth: that is true
prediction: i think i would have to see children
truth: is it g or pg ?
prediction: yeah it is a comedy movie right ?
truth: yeah michael shannon does an amazing job at showing who s really a monster
prediction: i did not know that was the scene where he was not that the monster .
truth: rotten tomatoes gave it a 62 percent score .
prediction: i would say it a lot
truth: what is the movie title ? and what part do not you like ?
prediction: i like it . i do not know about that one .
truth: ok it s working we just need the responses back and forth to finish off each page .
prediction: i would say it s good
truth: yeh its funny as well as inspiring !
prediction: yeah i like the scenes they got to the book stereotypes
truth: she really is it is a drama that has a bit of comedy
prediction: i think so . it was a great movie .
truth: lol good answer
prediction: i like him
truth: hello .
prediction: i like the idea of the main characters so i am not and a lot of things .
truth: yeah .
prediction: it is a comedy part of the top of the first part of the first of the first time that are the movie .
truth: i think it was pretty awesome
prediction: i thought it was pretty good though . it was a great movie for a movie a fan .
truth: the original ?
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: i am doing well . you ?
prediction: i am doing good .
truth: let s talk about the movie despicable me
prediction: i am good to see
truth: oh yes
prediction: i like the way ralph its a good movie to watch
truth: hahah . does he ever call the police ?
prediction: oh wow . is there a lot of action in the movie ?
truth: i ll have to check it out
prediction: yes . i would think it was a good one to see . . .
truth: i UNK good movie and fit scenes is good
prediction: it s about a guy that he takes down during the world war ii
truth: yes ! it s unclear to me if they doubt her for being a bunny or a woman . either way it works !
prediction: i think it is a good family movie .
truth: the film is good . but you do not have to take my word for it . critics worldwide have provided responses such as an impressionist masterpiece
prediction: i think i have to watch it !
truth: the post was apparently trying to release papers detailing they 30 year involvement of the us government int he vietnam war
prediction: it s a very funny movie i think it was shot to be scary . it was a little dull based on the snow queen .
truth: wow ok so that is quiet an older movie .
prediction: i am not sure about that but i am sure it s a pretty good movie .
truth: tom hanks is the fbi agent that tries to UNK him during the movie
prediction: it s great
truth: i thought it had a very good meaning . it teaches people that we should be able to be what ever we want to be and not be judged
prediction: i think the story was good but i did not know that was the screenwriter one .
truth: yea i did
prediction: i like the action scenes .
truth: i am a big history buff . did you agree with the review ?
prediction: i like the way of the story of the tv guy and the people take place up with the people of their dreams
truth: i like knightley
prediction: i do not think i have seen it but i have never seen it .
truth: i have not ! what is it about ?
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: my husband and i go to see it last weekend . it was definitely mesmerizing . unique !
prediction: i do not have the document .
truth: no i ve not seen it but heard about the movie
prediction: no i have not . i have not seen it yet .
truth: is it rated for the whole family though ?
prediction: i am not sure but i do not think i would like to see this movie .
truth: seriously
prediction: what is your favorite part ?
truth: yes it is and trying to get revenge for them stealing his car and killing his puppy . that is so sad .
prediction: i do not think i have remember that one . i do not remember the whole genre of this movie in the movie .
truth: no just once
prediction: yes i have . i have seen it .
truth: its a star studded cast
prediction: i think it s pretty good . i think it s pretty good .
truth: yeah but it does not match with the critical response written so i thought it was odd
prediction: i think that it was a good movie for anna but i think the rating were pretty low
truth: the meta critic score was the UNK of the three do you agree with that score or would you place it higher ?
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: have you seen all of them ?
prediction: i like captain america .
truth: yes i am . it is an older film ?
prediction: yes i have .
truth: i like the space ranger action figure . i think he was played by tim allen .
prediction: yes it was a great movie and tim allen as buzz lightyear .
truth: hmm kinda you know
prediction: yes i did .
truth: oh
prediction: i am a fan of sports
truth: yeah it s an action movie and it got 86 on rotten tomatoes
prediction: it s a historical movie that has some of the actors in it
truth: i am fine . what do you think of the movie summary ?
prediction: i am good .
truth: hi
prediction: i am good . how are you ?
truth: i am here .
prediction: hi
truth: that movie came out over 25 years ago lol
prediction: i think it was ok back
truth: yeah i really do not rely on many of those review sites .
prediction: lol that is the perfect choice for me . i think it was a little festival .
truth: that was one of them . i also like the actor who was the UNK and how he was always eating green UNK .
prediction: i saw the part where the shape of shape and the setting gets that the nazis used to get caught .
truth: i know . i heard that song before i saw the movie
prediction: i think it s a pretty violent movie about super heroes
truth: yes you have to make a lot of money for a studio to look at a picture and think sequel let alone prequel
prediction: i liked it a lot of drama for me a while
truth: yeah he s a solid actor
prediction: it was directed by christopher nolan .
truth: i love the idea of code breaking i think its hard to make a good movie about it though
prediction: i agree . i think that is not that involved for then to then i would have to find it out .
truth: exactly it is perfect to watch with kids if you have any . perfect for any group of people really .
prediction: did you like it ?
truth: why tom hanks of course
prediction: it s a great movie based on the 1996 given the new main character .
truth: lol . . . i loved him too . . . but gru really made the movie for me . steve really gave him a lot of personality
prediction: i thought it was a good movie for a comedy . i thought it was a very realistic movie .
truth: and looks like rotten tomatoes didn t like it as much . i do enjoy comedies .
prediction: i like how it was not in 2003 but i think that is a great lesson .
truth: i am in nyc . what about you ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: yes i have
prediction: yes it is a great movie .
truth: it was good it got an a on UNK
prediction: yes i think so
truth: i am doing pretty good how about you ?
prediction: have you seen the movie bruce almighty ?
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: is UNK a scene in this movie that you like ? or a special effect ?
prediction: i think the hulk are evil in it i am not sure
truth: who would you rather have seen in this if she is not the ideal
prediction: i agree . i normally feel like this movie
truth: who did the cinematography ?
prediction: do you know who directed the movie ?
truth: he doesnt get enough credit
prediction: i think he was a UNK of his wife
truth: not so much but i do find it interesting that turing decrypted german intelligence code .
prediction: i do not think i ve seen turing .
truth: nightmare ? what kind ?
prediction: i like that movie
truth: the action start when andy received an electronic toy space ranger named buzz
prediction: it is a masterpiece of whiplash quick and then who is voiced by tom hanks and tim allen
truth: zuckerburg getting batman to fight an invincible boy scout ? there must be a political comment there somewhere
prediction: i agree . i wonder if there s a political comment about it .
truth: if i had to pick a favorite character i would definitely have to pick the fox named nick because he changed his complete character throughout the movie
prediction: i thought it was a very good movie for sure
truth: bruce wayne grew up with a few of bats
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: what type of company does he run ?
prediction: that s a good one . i guess i will watch it . i am sure i will watch it if i am sure i will watch the movie
truth: pharell did some of the music too
prediction: i think that is a low score . i find the idea and scenes
truth: yea pretty much . well there were three of the movies . i think he may have fallen into that child star drug addict thing .
prediction: i think so too . i am not familiar with the critics of his stuff .
truth: i can not believe it only got 51 from the rotten tomatoes . . .
prediction: i agree . i think it was a movie i think i ve seen it in the theater .
truth: it is an okay score i think
prediction: i like the animation of the movie . i like those movies especially of the animation which is not too .
truth: how are you today ?
prediction: have you seen the movie the blind side ?
truth: s . h . i . e . l . d . fighter UNK and UNK UNK is simply superb .
prediction: i feel like UNK very much
truth: carl and frank become friends and carl even offers him a deal working with him
prediction: i love tom hanks as well as the main character .
truth: the UNK length it got 9 . 10 on rotten tomatoes
prediction: i am not sure . i am not sure if that is it a drama or good ?
truth: same to you
prediction: i love the movie
truth: has any movie gotten 100 percent animation wise ?
prediction: i think i would like to see that but i do not think i do that they made a lot of drama
truth: yeah i do not understand that
prediction: yeah
truth: what part does john legend play ?
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: do you usually watch movies with a high rating ?
prediction: yes . UNK is one of the villains in the movie but i think that is something as the whole thing .
truth: it says the movie starts in 1987 . i do not know what black monday was either .
prediction: i think it s a very good movie i would say about it . i like the story line .
truth: lol
prediction: i like him
truth: are you into animated film
prediction: i did not realize that it was based on a true story
truth: UNK . . . . . .
prediction: ya
truth: good for both kids and adults smart humor
prediction: it is a comedy movie that has a rotten tomatoes score of 92
truth: i am just trying to get through this . we can just make stuff up
prediction: what about the plot of the movie ?
truth: maybe but this one seems to have a detailed plot which is nice
prediction: hi i am looking for a movie to watch .
truth: so you know any movies
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: any snow ?
prediction: i like the girl
truth: are jeff bridges and terrance howard in UNK ?
prediction: oh wow i know
truth: wow . do you know if the song received any awards ? i hear parents UNK about it sometimes .
prediction: i am not sure . i would have to add it !
truth: just seemed like the whole movie was them hiding or trying to get away
prediction: i think that it was the first one
truth: thor is cool guy the tesseract i cause UNK and hard war
prediction: yes he was great for the part of his parents
truth: is it appropriate for kids of all ages ?
prediction: its a movie i think
truth: yes a rotten tomatoes score of 86 is really good ! do you remember who played the head of the tarasov family ?
prediction: yes it is a great movie for sure .
truth: yes he was a big part of it . the kids family left him behind and of course trouble UNK
prediction: yes i know
truth: yeah noticed the low score on rotten tomatos do not get that
prediction: i think it was very funny and jennifer aniston
truth: sandra bullock is a great actress
prediction: i like tuohy and also . i love her in the movie .
truth: i think i saw that movie when it had come out . wh UNK studio was it done by ?
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: what is zootopia about ?
prediction: i think it was a good movie . do you like the cast of the movie ?
truth: oh haha yes . it sounds very intense
prediction: we is the movie
truth: yes i have
prediction: hi
truth: i am well and how are you ?
prediction: i am doing great thanks .
truth: very good how about you ?
prediction: i am good how are you ?
truth: i love the polka band
prediction: i am not sure . i wonder if that is the movie from any of his prime ?
truth: second in command you mean ?
prediction: i do not think i would have to face about the movie more than i actually seen it .
truth: not necessarily but it was still a good movie .
prediction: i think he was in the movie .
truth: oh yeah ? i like a good love story .
prediction: do you generally watch movies with good ratings ?
truth: which was your favorite ? i think i liked slinky dog best !
prediction: i think it was a pixar movie for sure . i think i will watch it on my .
truth: it it was described as vital by one single critic
prediction: it s about the story of the main characters s dreams .
truth: yeah she is pretty
prediction: yes
truth: yeah it was really rough
prediction: it s a comedy . it s about leo s character and his firm has done
truth: have you seen it more then once ?
prediction: oh wow .
truth: do you use rotten tomatoes regularly ?
prediction: i like that it was not a good movie to watch .
truth: UNK movie about war
prediction: the movie is called gal gadot
truth: oh well xd
prediction: i think facebook are allen . it was a facebook of a facebook .
truth: oh what kind of movie is it ? adventure ? superhero ?
prediction: oh i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: no i ve never seen this movie
prediction: yes i have .
truth: good you
prediction: i am good . how are you ?
truth: hi there ! the movie is a fairly new one have you heard of despicable me ?
prediction: hello
truth: many of my friends have seen it and recommended it to me but i did not really think it was for me .
prediction: i think it is a good movie . i wonder if it s a good score .
truth: oh i like tim allen too ! does andy catch buzz in action then ?
prediction: does it have violence ?
truth: same here and it is because i am not familiar with this genre .
prediction: i think so ? . . . . . . . . .
truth: you can see why some critics thought it was wildly UNK chess game
prediction: i think he did a good job in the movie
truth: dream my of becoming a news anchor one day
prediction: jim carrey is a good actor .
truth: the story include everything sex money genius friendship but also UNK
prediction: i did not realize that it was based on a book so that was pretty cool .
truth: it was cavill that played superman right ? i think they were decent together .
prediction: i usually like batman s portrayal in the movie .
truth: i have no idea what that means
prediction: oh ok . i love how the movie is about a mute and that
truth: i normally do not even pay any attention to the rotten tomatoes score . it the last thing i look at .
prediction: yes i agree
truth: what did you like about it ?
prediction: it s a comedy about the movie that came out in 1995 . it s a thriller for the movie .
truth: it s about a brave princess who goes in search of her sister .
prediction: yes it has been it in 2013 .
truth: i have . i heard it was good .
prediction: i have not seen inception
truth: i thought she did a perfect job great choice . what about you ?
prediction: i have not seen wonder woman but it was released in 2016 .
truth: i have . . . . is this the first part ?
prediction: i have not .
truth: the movie is wolf of wall street
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: i am interested in hearing about the movie
prediction: have you seen the movie toy story ?
truth: yeah that is what critics would say to describe the movie
prediction: yes . i like the scene where they start him on the island and then up there .
truth: the real mother was on drugs
prediction: i thought the movie was a good story .
truth: i am assuming this is a cartoon movie ?
prediction: i do not know much of these actors are in this movie .
truth: oh yeah . maybe it will be good depending on who the villian is .
prediction: i have seen it and batman begins . it was one of my favorite movies .
truth: some of them .
prediction: i am not sure if i ve seen any of them .
truth: yes the UNK tomatoes score is 98 and the cinemascore is a . this movie definitely has good ratings .
prediction: yes i like ratings movies .
truth: i enjoyed the main character .
prediction: what do you like about the movie ?
truth: i think lizzy caplan
prediction: i am not sure if it s about it .
truth: i agree i was very surprised to learn the winklevoss twins were played by a single actor .
prediction: i agree with you i would not watch a fan of science fiction .
truth: rotten tomatoes
prediction: oh . i have not seen it .
truth: its interesting because it seems the movie does not follow the history very closely .
prediction: i did not know that either but i would think it would be good to see in any movie .
truth: i have seen it . and i am about to open your mind to the wonderful film that this is .
prediction: no i have not .
truth: live action or cg ?
prediction: i think the movie is very interesting
truth: the movie is dunkirk . it is a world war ii movie that depicts the british evacuation from dunkrik .
prediction: the movie is the imitation game .
truth: keanu reeves never gets old
prediction: i am good . how are you ?
truth: hi how are you
prediction: hello
truth: she was and i like how she proved that being small should be a reason for people to UNK her !
prediction: i agree . i felt that it was a good movie for the most part
truth: some pretty well known people then . awesome . well is it your typical dc or marvel good guy vs bad guy ?
prediction: oh that sounds good . what is the plot about ?
truth: do you think this movie will win an award ?
prediction: i usually like a lot of emphasis movies that are the last ones .
truth: what do you think about it ?
prediction: i am not sure about the movie .
truth: i am not familiar with them . sounds exciting ! when is it was it released ?
prediction: i am not sure .
truth: probably the thrilling action scenes
prediction: i like the characters and as a team
truth: yeah i thought the animation was really well done UNK ! i thought the story was told very well too
prediction: i thought it was a good movie . i was surprised that it was really good .
truth: what was your favorite part ?
prediction: i agree . i remember seeing the movie . i remember yes .
truth: did you like it ?
prediction: yes i haven t actress .
truth: okay then talk about that it says specifically if youve seen the movie not to talk about anything that isnt in the document s
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: i like a good crime movie and i love leonardo dicaprio ! i thought it was interesting that its a true story
prediction: it is a true story was a true story
truth: yes it is actually called ironman . it is about tony stark a billionaire playboy
prediction: yes i am here
truth: hi
prediction: yes i have thought about watching it before . have you seen about watching it before ?
truth: it also stars jennifer aniston as grace connelly
prediction: yes
truth: yes i agree
prediction: i am going to talk about the movie jaws .
truth: have you watched the movie directed by patty jenkins
prediction: it s a comedy about it s a musical movie
truth: i think it is best for slightly more mature audiences .
prediction: i think this is a bit for the movie i think i am a big fan of the characters and they were UNK .
truth: not terrence howard
prediction: yes i like them .
truth: and the plot is about a wold in where toys are living things who UNK to be lifeless when UNK are present
prediction: oh that is a good one
truth: good for you !
prediction: i am a big fan of movie so i ll have to check the last time .
truth: ah okay
prediction: that is cool
truth: the movie came out in 1995
prediction: yes that is a disney movie
truth: what did you think of gwyneth paltrow s character pepper potts ?
prediction: i think it s a comedy too . i like the fact that he played the best villain and believable the other .
truth: that is good and average people seem to like it too ?
prediction: i love the story cast
truth: somewhat skeptical but good for toy story .
prediction: i think it s a classic movie that has been made for me .
truth: it must be a funny movie
prediction: i love the movie too !
truth: how many times have you seen it ?
prediction: yes it is a world war movie
truth: jonah hill is really good in the movie
prediction: it has a rotten tomatoes score of 96 and average 8 . 4 10
truth: ok what else was in the movie
prediction: oh i see it s a long time ago
truth: it is animation about a villain who UNK another villain in the plot to take over the world
prediction: it is a cute movie called the world war 2
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: to be fair though metacritic gave it a 53 and rotten tomatoes gave it 69
prediction: it s based on a book
truth: bullock plays a wealthy wife . she s a interior designer who adopted the player .
prediction: yes
truth: it s listed as comedy adventure animation and terrific family entertainment
prediction: it s a movie that it s a movie
truth: i hear ya i like action too
prediction: is action your favorite part ?
truth: elle fanning as aurora was a great choice . her role as aurora was precise an captivating
prediction: i did not know that . i did not know that . i did not know that .
truth: definitely . he sure knows how to appeal to a wide audience .
prediction: i do not know but i think i would rate watching it .
truth: i have no idea for what audience it is UNK .
prediction: i like that it is a black comedy .
truth: did not care for margot robbie as naomi though . its about the rise and fall of a wall street broker .
prediction: the main character is played by leonardo dicaprio who he was the assistant who played by the fbi .
truth: keanu reeves plays as an ex hitman in this movie which he plays as an action hero in this movie .
prediction: keanu reeves is always a billionaire actor . i love the action scenes and keira knightly amazing .
truth: oh i didnt know ! who is in it
prediction: who is in it ?
truth: why is that
prediction: i agree . i like that it s a toy story with a musical animation .
truth: it s a wonderful movie and got a score of 92 on rotten tomatoes
prediction: it s a love story between a jazz pianist and a rabbit who have to save the world
truth: margot robbie is also in it who i think is an up UNK actress this part really helped her career i think
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: most likely the valentine charlie brown cartoon lol
prediction: hi
truth: it was ok i really liked some of the actor performances though especially angelina jolie s character .
prediction: hi there
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: some of it was UNK to racism some was about her being small and weak which was clearly UNK . it was just UNK .
prediction: judy hopps .
truth: i thought it was very clever . it UNK loki to reach earth
prediction: i agree . i would think it was the first marvel universe .
truth: do you agree with that rating ?
prediction: yes i would be interested in seeing that they had to make a part of the plot .
truth: his also a great actor i liked thor
prediction: loki is the main character
truth: yes ben affleck is great !
prediction: oh cool . i do not recall why it is not a story .
truth: it does not say
prediction: it was a retired movie with a russian crime syndicate by peter benchley and the killing brand is pretty russian
truth: it was a lot of moving parts and he did well
prediction: yes i agree with the critics
truth: im really not good with celebrities which one was he ?
prediction: yeah it was a good movie
truth: so do i . i think they picked a perfect group to depict zuckerberg and company .
prediction: i like that it showed the whole family was made by the snow queen
truth: it is animation movie
prediction: it s a superhero movie
truth: yeah it is an action film
prediction: it s the first film name the marvel comics movie .
truth: sounds exciting ! please UNK .
prediction: yes i have not seen the second one .
truth: good morning
prediction: great leonardo dicaprio is in it
truth: i think you will like this movie . rotten tomatoes has it at 98 and an average of 8 10 on imdb .
prediction: it s about a princess who decrypted into a police officer .
truth: i love the avengers
prediction: i do not like the actors
truth: hi ! what are your thoughts on this particular movie ? do you think you would have enjoyed it ?
prediction: hi
truth: reviews are opinions
prediction: i like that movie
truth: i love idris elba
prediction: i think he was the perfect role for his role .
truth: dang that is really high
prediction: i love that they have compliment some time in the movie
truth: yes its a war picture
prediction: it s got dunkirk .
truth: i loving it sree . i like that movie and also the charactors
prediction: ok do you like iron man ?
truth: very good right
prediction: i like to know about the movie
truth: yes
prediction: yes
truth: buzz lightyear as a space ranger and its an animation
prediction: yes
truth: yes award winning songs by randy newman
prediction: no i dont have songs it
truth: interesting
prediction: i think he was an awesome director and becomes the hulk
truth: i think they make a good pair on film . they have great chemistry .
prediction: i like her in general .
truth: i am also waiting to see the next movie of marvel s the avengers .
prediction: i liked how they are the origin right of the movie .
truth: i have not . you ?
prediction: no i have not
truth: sounds good
prediction: have you seen it ?
truth: lucky !
prediction: what is it about
truth: hi there ! today we are talking about home alone .
prediction: hi !
truth: christopher nolan has discussed the controversial and ambiguous ending to his film inception which saw a spinning top UNK and UNK a little before cutting to black .
prediction: i do not remember the scene where he was UNK in the way .
truth: oh yeah ! you are right . it s hard to believe that was 1990
prediction: maybe !
truth: it s in 3d would you pay to see it in 3d ?
prediction: yeah . . . i think it s a very good movie . i think it s been a while since i ve seen it .
truth: stark creates an ark reactor and his company is trying to recreate the tech
prediction: yes
truth: i have not seen it ! but it seems to be a good movie from the document .
prediction: well i do not agree with that . i also liked it . i also like the way more dramatic .
truth: of course his voice makes a great god
prediction: i agree . i think that is a good point about the rotten tomatoes score
truth: gwyneth plays pepper potts
prediction: yes i there who the others effects of stark industries and stark is stark a weapons manufacturer and stark industries industries industries
truth: what do you think is the theme ?
prediction: i think the movie was created in 2013 .
truth: it deals with the personal battle between batman and superman
prediction: oh wow that is a good guy . i like them a lot of action in this movie .
truth: did you think that lex was a good villain
prediction: i think that is pretty cool ! i guess i might have to check it out to see it .
truth: what is the movie about again ? i heard the name but it was a little while ago .
prediction: i think it was a pretty good movie .
truth: yeah i think people really liked it because facebook is so popular . but also the movie was very dark and sad
prediction: i have not seen that movie either is a very good story about it .
truth: lol
prediction: yes it is a movie of biographical drama
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: i agree . i have not seen the movie the second one
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: hi are you feeling like you would go to the movies ?
prediction: hello
truth: no it just does not seem to fit .
prediction: it s a shame .
truth: cady did not care though .
prediction: i think he is a good actor . he s a great actor
truth: oh cool i love the matrix series . i think i had UNK of all of them .
prediction: oh i see .
truth: that is sad !
prediction: i love the idea of the movie .
truth: not really
prediction: he is a battle of dunkirk
truth: the other two are trash
prediction: i mean if i do not mean the name . i liked the scene where rudy the one of the movie is very ask .
truth: i did not realize the movie was set during world war 1 i love history so that makes it more interesting to me .
prediction: i am not familiar with the wonder woman . and also your favorite scene !
truth: yeah i love this movie and doesnt get old
prediction: yeah it s a very good movie
truth: the restaurant scene when sebastian ryan gosling is fired for playing his music and not the one he is told to play
prediction: i have not seen it yet
truth: yeah
prediction: i did not know that . i was surprised for a few months . i think the tom hanks was great .
truth: i ve actually heard about abagnale . did not know the movie was about him . who plays the character of frank ?
prediction: i agree .
truth: do you know what kind of rating it has ? rate r pg 13 etc ?
prediction: that sounds interesting . is it a good movie or something ?
truth: obviously
prediction: i agree . i think i ve seen the other then . . .
truth: when the hulk goes crazy
prediction: i liked it too . i thought the avengers of a little bit of the avengers .
truth: he is incredibly funny when he is doing comedy but he can be very serious too .
prediction: i think he did a great job with jim carrey s performance in the movie
truth: monster s university
prediction: i think they are all of the actors in the film .
truth: oh taht UNK jesse eisenburg what a farce
prediction: yeah he s a lot better than the intergalactic but i am not sure why the intergalactic but i guess i remember even in a lot more
truth: yeah and then you get ellen page as a UNK student of architecture designing the dreamscapes . . genius ! !
prediction: yeah it was a decent movie
truth: i know my granddaughter saw it and loved it so now i am going to have to see it too .
prediction: is it a good movie ?
truth: is it appropriate for kids ?
prediction: what year did it come out ?
truth: i actually think the opposite and that the military technology makes it more believable compared to psychic power
prediction: i like the scene of the movie
truth: totally agreed it was so serious and just focused on the action .
prediction: i agree with that ! i love action movies .
truth: right ! lots of imagination used in traps .
prediction: i did not know that .
truth: leonardo dicaprio and the rest
prediction: it s based on a true story .
truth: yes ! i love that movie . him and jonah hill are so funny in that movie . did you like it ?
prediction: it s one of my favorite movies that is very interesting .
truth: what audience is it recommended for ?
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: i did . rotten tomatoes gave it a 51 and metacritic gave it a 56 100 .
prediction: i did not . i was not impressed how it came out .
truth: is the acting good ?
prediction: who is in the movie ?
truth: yes i loved it ! i love marvel movies .
prediction: i did . i liked the cast
truth: i have not seen the movie but i love the daily cartoons of the minions .
prediction: yes i have seen it . it was a great movie with angelina jolie and i love it
truth: pretty good thanks . billy crystal has always been a hoot have you seen this movie ?
prediction: i am good thanks
truth: glad to hear that
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: yeah
prediction: i think the reviews were pretty good .
truth: the rating scores are also pertty good on this movie 9 10 for rotten tomatoes 95 for metacritic and a b for cinema score
prediction: facebook . . . i would guess it s a drama movie
truth: yes he was a really good character !
prediction: i think the adult bashing to the story is named throughout the movie .
truth: i dont always follow rotten tomatoes but i definitely agree with the ratings for this movie
prediction: i agree . i would give it higher to see if i would agree with the story .
truth: leonardo dicaprio plays dom cobb a professional thief who specializes in conning secrets from his victims by infiltrating their dreams .
prediction: he was very good in this movie . he was very good in the movie .
truth: well basicly his parents and the cousins ans so on go on vacation and he gets left behind
prediction: yes the movie was based on a true story
truth: yes i like angelinas performance .
prediction: i do not know about that but i would love to see that movie .
truth: i am not familiar with the movie at all or with the cast
prediction: i do not know . i think it is a classic movie .
truth: i like both batman and superman and i am not a big fan of when they fight each other though .
prediction: i thought the acting is pretty good . he played a great actor . he played them .
truth: iron man just because i like his style
prediction: yes he is great . i think the first scene was really good .
truth: not yet . i am a fan of del toro but this movie seems a little too crazy haha .
prediction: i do not think i ve seen it but i have not seen it .
truth: i do . he was played jordan belfort well . the film was actually considered a black comedy .
prediction: yes i do .
truth: ooo yeahhh
prediction: i like the actors in this movie
truth: who is UNK younger sister
prediction: i like the UNK of the movie and i like her
truth: yes its a great movie
prediction: yes i like the movie as well as the whole hero movie was a great movie .
truth: hey there leo gave his best performance in this movie
prediction: hi
truth: i do not have any information on the military technology .
prediction: yes he is the main actor in the movie
truth: i think so the cast looks really good so along with the story they would be tough be beat .
prediction: i like the cast and the reviews are harsh . i think it s a good suspense thriller that like the plot .
truth: you should see UNK . that is my favorite one i ve seen him in .
prediction: does he have in this movie ?
truth: it was made in 2013
prediction: oh that sounds like a good movie .
truth: nick carraway who was played by tobey mcguire is a world war i veteran who is receiving treatment for alcoholism at a psychiatric hospital .
prediction: i think i have not heard of that fitzgerald before but i am a big fan of the film .
truth: it was directed by disney pixar
prediction: it s a prequel and funny about the relationship between the film
truth: oh wow pretty tough life
prediction: yeah i do like football football . . . . .
truth: macauley culkin plays kevin mccallister who is accidentally left at home when his big family leaves for christmas vacation in paris .
prediction: it is a great film .
truth: russell brand
prediction: he did .
truth: sorry i meant what is the movie rated like pg pg 13 etc ?
prediction: the movie was a good family movie . . .
truth: yes it got a 89 on rotten tomatoes .
prediction: it s a really good movie i love who actors acts in this film .
truth: lol really ? i see the plot is rather interesting .
prediction: i do not think i ve seen this one .
truth: oh i did not see that yet ?
prediction: it s not a movie about batman begins
truth: she is alright i suppose they are are only a handful of actresses i like .
prediction: i am not familiar with emma stone .
truth: haha same here i watched it probably a dozen times
prediction: i have seen the movie and i enjoyed the movie and i like leonardo dicaprio .
truth: wow . i have not seen it but i saw iron man . was this one better ?
prediction: i have not seen this movie but i have seen it .
truth: and themselves of course
prediction: oh i like that . i like the suspense between gal gadot and jonah hill really sets jonah hill !
truth: interesting sounds like a movie my son would like also .
prediction: they are trying to make them to do with a lot of money .
truth: i think it is one of the best superhero movies to date .
prediction: it s not rated but i do not know what batman is the only of the movie
truth: classic leonardo
prediction: thats a pretty good cast
truth: did he steal something in the movie ?
prediction: i think i saw steve carell
truth: i thought my man chie f martin brody was sweet in it .
prediction: i did not realize that it was based on a book novel .
truth: how long does it run ? how many hours ?
prediction: is it a comedy ?
truth: true it is middle of the road . . . i find it amazing that helen mirren does a voice too . . .
prediction: i like the actors . i am not into a fan of romantic comedies .
truth: when i saw rotten tomatoes had given it a 94 i knew i had to go see it !
prediction: i agree with the critic score of UNK . i love the iron man .
truth: i thought he did a great job as charlie .
prediction: i think so too .
truth: bro UNK
prediction: i am not sure about this movie
truth: i ve seen much worse scores on rotten tomatoes
prediction: it is one of the best animated movies i saw it in theaters
truth: that sounds decent . what did you like about it ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: tony stark act very well
prediction: i like the character and character .
truth: yeah sure
prediction: i liked it as well !
truth: who ! did you like it ?
prediction: yes i have to read that i have not seen it .
truth: yes it looks like a good movie
prediction: book i like the film .
truth: yes i absolutely agree with you !
prediction: i remember remember that about the movie but i forgot about it . . . i remember that old . . . that is why i remember the way .
truth: i probably would have run away from them too like he did .
prediction: i think it s a very good movie
truth: oh i see . i do like animated films sometimes . can you tell me more about the plot ?
prediction: i love that it is a great film
truth: i figured no for sure it will be a date night movie
prediction: is it still or a little ?
truth: i was not loving gwyneth as the love interest but it s not really that great of a role to begin with
prediction: i think this one was a good film for me but the iron man was not the iron man success movie .
truth: that is pretty good for rotten tomatoes ranking because usually they are harsh !
prediction: i think it was a good movie for a movie of a
truth: the humor is rather ageless . and the social message is a very good one very current .
prediction: it was directed by damien chazelle
truth: i wonder how much the dialogue is based on the book or if the actors had a lot of input .
prediction: i am not sure ! i am a fan of movies
truth: i have never seen this one though
prediction: no i have not but i have not seen it .
truth: it s got leonardo .
prediction: i like the same movie i could be a lot of action but it is a thriller .
truth: are you there
prediction: i like him
truth: what about you ?
prediction: what is the movie called ?
truth: yeah you ?
prediction: yes i have seen it
truth: yes that is good . did you enjoy the film ?
prediction: yes i am here .
truth: i am not sure
prediction: yes
truth: i will definitely have to watch this movie .
prediction: i like the difference more UNK the turing for the turing .
truth: oh man looks like get a big family too so with the mom forgot him
prediction: i could think of the first one
truth: but rotten tomatoes rating was quite unfair
prediction: i think it was a good mix of the movie . i guess i might see it if they want to get a good ending
truth: the violence probably adds to the UNK of the film .
prediction: i am not sure about that but i am not sure if i ve read that it is a world war thriller .
truth: it was fast paced at times . i saw it years ago .
prediction: i think the movie was a true story .
truth: so they are basically making or UNK lucid dreams ?
prediction: i am not sure if it s dreams .
truth: it was released in 2017 actually
prediction: it is a historical political thriller directed by steven spielberg
truth: any movie stars i would recognize ?
prediction: who is the main character ?
truth: it only got about a 50 positive rating . director robert stromberg
prediction: it is a comedy starring in the movie which is a comedy . it s a comedy directed by a french animation studio
truth: yes . it s been a while but i remember enjoying the psychological element that nolan brings to the film
prediction: no i have not .
truth: i think i would like the historical part most since i liked other movies about bletchley park and code cracking .
prediction: i am not sure if i would watch it if you would like to watch them
truth: no i havent seen that movie is it good
prediction: i have not
truth: watched disneys coco with the family lol . . enjoyed that
prediction: i have seen this movie
truth: do you know what year it was released ?
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen it yet
truth: hey !
prediction: the movie is called dunkirk
truth: hi have you seen the movie toy story ?
prediction: i am good . how are you ?
truth: and metacritic gave it a 75 100 . . .
prediction: i liked that movie as well !
truth: yeah and they are really intricate are not they ?
prediction: i like the green army in the movie s head and then i think it was pretty scary
truth: i love tom hanks movies
prediction: if you like the story of the movie
truth: there is not mention of any robots in the movie summary .
prediction: it was released in 2016 .
truth: who would ve thought that the allies would be cornered after the fall of france in the second world war
prediction: i like that it s a comedy movie and a lot of money with the story of the movie .
truth: i like the story and the screenplay
prediction: ya i think . . .
truth: no not before
prediction: yes
truth: let me guess did leonardo dicaprio die at the end ?
prediction: oh wow that is a shame . i am such hanks hanks and his rival ?
truth: i do not have information on that currently . i do believe i have watched it on netflix before though .
prediction: i think i will watch it
truth: yes
prediction: and what was the movie about ?
truth: the movie john wick
prediction: yes it is a superhero movie about the marvel universe . it is a comedy for me .
truth: sorry not like that .
prediction: i have not seen that movie .
truth: tom hanks makes a great woody as if i did not love him enough before this movie
prediction: i am not sure if i have not seen it yet .
truth: yeah that is impressive . it s weird that the metacritic score is so low
prediction: the movie is based on the fairy tale the snow queen .
truth: i can only go by the reviews that i have read and never UNK this movie
prediction: it also has a cinemascore of a
truth: hi what is the name of the movie ?
prediction: hello
truth: is this a new block that was just added to the reading material ? i know i did not miss it the first time .
prediction: it seems to have to do with the ratings that it s to be good but the second is a UNK
truth: robert downey
prediction: the movie with robert downey jr . and chris evans as mark ruffalo and chris evans
truth: i cried through so much of that movie .
prediction: i liked the way they left the way to be good .
truth: loki and thor are UNK related to the gods of norse mythology .
prediction: ya he is a good actor
truth: i have not seen the trailer or anything for that . i typically avoid all the UNK stuff so i can go to the movie expecting nothing .
prediction: i like the first one war . i also like the entire scene where the main character was a bit his name .
truth: interesting how long is the movie ?
prediction: i like the action scenes
truth: i liked her since the run away bus movie . lol
prediction: oh i dont think i ve seen a chance
truth: yes i have and i loved it . . .
prediction: yes i did it was a lot of action
truth: ru a bot
prediction: yes
truth: it stars robert downey jr terrance howard jeff bridges and gwyneth paltrow
prediction: i do like meryl streep and rachel mcadams
truth: good ones ! which of the two would you say is the one you d go to first ?
prediction: i have not seen this one either .
truth: oh . a new film .
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: i cant remember
prediction: i love it . what is it about ?
truth: i liked it too . i thought angelina jolie was perfect for the part .
prediction: i thought it was a little more of the first time was based on the book who was the character .
truth: it came out in 1975
prediction: i have not seen that one
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: about a supervillain who is disheartened steals the great pyramid of giza
prediction: the premise of the movie is not a major spielberg film . it about a lot of positive and steve .
truth: cryptonite ?
prediction: anyone else
truth: 79 for rotten tomatoes
prediction: that is the best part .
truth: that is interesting . i like her work .
prediction: i think that is cool .
truth: does daisy show up to his parties ?
prediction: is there hosts hosts wild parties ?
truth: basicly it follows a child story that have been left home alone while his family are on flight to france
prediction: okay okay
truth: i agree because people have different opinnion
prediction: i do not think i would have to say that i was not aware of .
truth: for me too
prediction: i think he s a good actor . i love the character
truth: i have not read the novel either . i do love steven speilberg
prediction: yeah i was richard dreyfuss
truth: one of the reviews is pretty bad like what is everybody raving about lol
prediction: i do not think i ve ever seen it in theaters but i do not have the paragraph but i have seen it before
truth: not bad of a score
prediction: i think it was a kind movie
truth: yes the rabbit .
prediction: i like that they are a little bit of the rabbit and the rabbit of his parents are going
truth: has a rating of 62 in rotten tomatos
prediction: i like the scenes
truth: it was a good movie sandra bullock starred in it
prediction: i did not know that . i was a big fan of sandra bullock .
truth: ha ha ok i have not actually is it awesome ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: yes i have why ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: from these ratings i would imagine the avengers movies were much better received
prediction: i agree . i wonder if it s on of the future
truth: i would have to look up her face to see if i know her
prediction: i am not sure . i think her character is a good actor for this movie .
truth: 100 on rotten tomatoes
prediction: what is the rating about ?
truth: i do not know . was that the one that was vs dc ?
prediction: i do not think i do as the newer also . he s the one that my character is played by robert stromberg .
truth: that is titled as war not about war between UNK
prediction: it is a great movie
truth: of course you would have to do it with the UNK that the little ones do not make the traps that kevin makes do catch the robbers .
prediction: i think it s a movie that is actually into a comedy i love that they are enjoy movies .
truth: key scene is mike wazoski as a 7 yr old aspires to become a scarer am monster who scares children
prediction: key find to me .
truth: turns out it was a shark attack
prediction: i like that it s a shark movie
truth: ohhhhh i ve heard that movie before .
prediction: i like dicaprio in it
truth: it is loosely based on the book .
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: oh yeah its definitely one of his best .
prediction: i think jim carrey is a good actor . i think jim carrey s performance was hilarious in this movie .
truth: hello . i have seen it . great movie .
prediction: yes i loved it a lot .
truth: i have not seen that one . have you ?
prediction: i have not seen it yet but it was good
truth: i just watched the blind side by john lee hancock . it was much better than i expected
prediction: the movie is called the imitation game
truth: whats this movie about ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: hello .
prediction: hi
truth: you can end the conversation they will still pay you .
prediction: yes i like the way the opening sequence .
truth: like from a different time period ?
prediction: that sounds interesting .
truth: paris on christmas is pretty crazy . do you know where they live ?
prediction: i agree .
truth: is it a scary movie ?
prediction: it was based on a book by peter benchley .
truth: yes
prediction: i think i would say how he has actually been a UNK
truth: yea i remember that
prediction: right that he was his car and he was in it and he was in it as well
truth: yeah very talented and hard worker .
prediction: he is the kind of a guy that he is in this .
truth: yes marvel comic characters are bit futuristic i feel
prediction: she was in it and i think terrence howard howard was very good in it .
truth: oh wow !
prediction: i think it was a long time ago
truth: yes . it is based on the 1925 novel the great gatsby UNK f scott fitzgerald .
prediction: yes i love that movie
truth: i guess that is good
prediction: i do not think i ve seen it in theaters .
truth: yes and i feel dicaprio was a great decision to play the lead ? do you think so ?
prediction: i do not think i have seen a few of the characters . i and i agree with the critics of the movie .
truth: oh yes it s such a great movie
prediction: oh i am not familiar with home alone
truth: i loved it . especially the animation and voices . i thought woody was a hilarious character .
prediction: i like that too . i like the story too . i like it too it was not that long ago to me .
truth: it s called bruce almighty . it also stars jennifer aniston and morgan freeman as god
prediction: it s a classic .
truth: yess
prediction: girls s like a fun
truth: sorkin always makes really good movies
prediction: what do you think about the story of the first ?
truth: lol this is just from the UNK sheet they gave me
prediction: oh wow . . . that is why it got lowden ratings on rotten tomatoes and a
truth: while doing his interview for college he gets scared and runs away
prediction: book what was going on
truth: a critic described it as fizzy fantasy and a hard headed fable think that speaks for why its called la la land
prediction: the worst is the greatest
truth: oh it s a jazz movie
prediction: i am not a fan of the comic but if you find out the scary where this movie is a
truth: does he fight anyone ?
prediction: oh . i like most of those movies .
truth: how old is it ?
prediction: who is the director of characters ?
truth: a lady that cant speak
prediction: it was a 9 years ago
truth: how you like UNK
prediction: i think there is a female female .
truth: i like all kinds really i think romance is boring though .
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: i do like mr potatoe head though
prediction: yes i agree . . . . . i was not let for the second though .
truth: do you like benedict cumberbatch as an actor ?
prediction: i like the action . i am a big fan of movies based .
truth: no but i have heard of it .
prediction: i have seen it .
truth: christopher nolan directed this movie in 2009 .
prediction: it also has tom hanks and christopher walken
truth: so the movie is home alone starring macaulay culkin . have you seen this movie before ?
prediction: i have seen this movie before i have seen it but i think i would have been it for a movie .
truth: hi how are you ?
prediction: hi
truth: basically he would sell all his UNK on the idea of a cheap UNK company with a low market cap .
prediction: yeah it s a long time . i guess it was interesting to see with the source material though
truth: did the two burglars ever get in the house ?
prediction: the kid was in the movie
truth: impressive sets and mechanics that combine smoothly with relatively seamless cg what do you think about that quote
prediction: i like the movie as well
truth: they should have taken their time to build those characters
prediction: that is a good scene for the reason
truth: omg hahah wow that is a throw back
prediction: i love that they showed a small story
truth: so its a tragedy ?
prediction: he s a good actor
truth: and it s a UNK drama
prediction: i have seen it several times
truth: yea whenenver i think about the movie it sound interesting but it probably was not as cool as the movie makes it out to be
prediction: yes i am not sure if i ve seen it but i ll have to check it out
truth: he tells god he s not doing his job correctly .
prediction: he is a news reporter who complains to god what is on the news to god what happens does
truth: macaulay culkin plays the main character that is left behind during a christmas trip with his family
prediction: yes it is
truth: tell me a little more about the plot .
prediction: the ending is played by the fbi of his house
truth: how many brothers and sisters does kevin have ?
prediction: i did not know that either . i liked the movie as well and i liked it the way .
truth: have you seen wolf of wall street
prediction: no
truth: it is a cute movie staring steve carell jason segel and russell brand so you know it will be funny
prediction: it s called the shape of water
truth: hey
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: hello . have you seen the avengers ?
prediction: hello
truth: oh i get it
prediction: what is the plot of the movie ?
truth: what would you rate this movie on a scale of 1 10
prediction: oh ok that is a good one . i remember that it was a really good movie for a
truth: yes do tell !
prediction: that is really interesting . i have not UNK UNK it on the info but i have not heard any good things
truth: i think the premise is very interesting and different from other science fiction movies
prediction: he played a small fortune . he was a good choice for a while .
truth: very true . i had a hard time keeping track of the teams in the airport fight scene .
prediction: i like the way of marvel .
truth: i bet there are . it is probably beautiful .
prediction: i am not sure . i am a fan of his movies .
truth: who is in it ?
prediction: oh i like that street
truth: according to whom .
prediction: i think it was a little dull to start superhero .
truth: i do not really know .
prediction: i agree . i also liked the fact that he was in it as well as the first idea was so cute .
truth: i was surprised disney did the film as it was pretty dark in places
prediction: i thought it was a good movie
truth: it s apparently a prequel .
prediction: yes
truth: definitely a favorite . apparently we are not the only ones to think so since the rates were really high
prediction: it is a great film that is surprising and produced by spielberg
truth: i have not ! is it any good ?
prediction: hello !
truth: it s great did you like it ?
prediction: i have not seen it . i have seen it but i have not seen it .
truth: did you like the movie of wonder woman ?
prediction: i do not know about the name of the movie .
truth: yes he is pretty cool
prediction: yes i do !
truth: yeah i never know whether to trust rotten tomatoes
prediction: yeah i like the UNK . i have seen that movie
truth: how old is the kid in the movie
prediction: the burglars is played by the new ship . . . . . .
truth: not that i know of but i am sure it was at least nominated .
prediction: it s a white film .
truth: yes i liked and you ? marvel o dc ?
prediction: yes
truth: yeah i definitely like to check the reviews before i see a movie so i am glad this film received good ones .
prediction: i did not know that either . i wonder if it is more action in the film . i am sure
truth: are you
prediction: he s a good UNK
truth: is it something you will be interested in watching ?
prediction: that is a really good rating .
truth: you have no idea . . .
prediction: i love them
truth: wow i did not actually realize that batman and superman did not like each other
prediction: i think it s more about the story of the movie .
truth: yeah i did
prediction: i like this one
truth: yeah i did . i thought the part with the sloth at the dmv was the funniest
prediction: i did not think that was true for funny .
truth: that is sounds interesting .
prediction: i would love to watch this movie .
truth: steve carell
prediction: the movie with the comic book
truth: in my opinion its a great historical drama
prediction: i have not seen it . have you ?
truth: yeah i have ! it s an awesome movie !
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hi
truth: so it got a rating of 94
prediction: i am not sure about this movie .
truth: i feel terrible when hulk fall into ground it was great screenplay
prediction: i wonder if there are a lot of thor in this movie
truth: emma stone also did good
prediction: oh wow i have not seen it .
truth: ha yeah he was pretty great in that one never spoke but the acting was great !
prediction: yeah i think that is a good point . i love that movie . i love that movie .
truth: i liked the con artist fox nick . who was yours ?
prediction: i think it was a good choice to get the audience to me how to help power because he was going to be a good too
truth: i like to see movies for myself and decide but i do read the rating reviews to get a feel for what people are saying . you ?
prediction: i think that is a good one
truth: yeah and a cinema score of a
prediction: i loved that it was made in 1990 s mind
truth: what do you think of his phobia of bats being the cause of his parents death ?
prediction: i like christian bale s performance
truth: ya yes
prediction: i think i know i am not sure about that
truth: she really isnt thats why it kind of shocked me to hear her hit some notes
prediction: i think she is an exceptional singer in this film
truth: he was in foster care most of his childhood due to his mothers drug UNK
prediction: book .
truth: what is the story about
prediction: yes i like adventure movies
truth: is it long and boring ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: do you think eisenberg did a good job at playing lex luthor ?
prediction: the movie is zootopia
truth: yes have you ever seen the movie inception with leonardo dicaprio
prediction: hi !
truth: have you seen home alone ?
prediction: i am good how are you ?
truth: cinemascore gave the movie an a
prediction: i like him in the world but he was not as long as the man of the world
truth: well it s marvel but they are late cap ok UNK they ass
prediction: i liked that they are in the movie . it s a bit pretty . do you think they will be a sequal ?
truth: actually it s a great movie for kids and adults . main character gru steve carrel plays a super villain .
prediction: it s about a big brand and a large police !
truth: i do not have that info either .
prediction: i think it is a good movie that takes place and a b b .
truth: yeah
prediction: i think that the same for the characters is not as good as it was .
truth: like zuckerberg the founder of facebook
prediction: i agree . i do not agree the actors are the best directors
truth: yea i agree
prediction: i think that is a good point for me
truth: i would certainly recommend it .
prediction: i was not aware that much name . i was also surprised it got a low rating on metacritic .
truth: i agree what is the genre then
prediction: i love toy story
truth: yes that is the one
prediction: i have seen it . it is one of my favorite movie . i wonder if it s a good movie
truth: haha yeah . it s a shame that laurence fishburne and jeremy irons are associated with it i like their work
prediction: yes it was not a good amount of a movie i think .
truth: it was spielberg
prediction: i like history
truth: yeah ! it was enjoyable for all ages .
prediction: yes i do . i do not think i have seen the movie before .
truth: despicable me
prediction: it is a great movie
truth: hey how are you ?
prediction: hi !
truth: hello ! have you ever seen batman begins ?
prediction: hello
truth: i do not have that information but it goes by really quickly .
prediction: it is more to take the two city to the kid UNK kevin and then could UNK the other UNK him UNK
truth: berk a remote viking village
prediction: it is a very good movie .
truth: it was explained well .
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: would you say that like the first one this is more of a children s movie ? would an adult still f UNK it funny ?
prediction: i think the movie is a great movie !
truth: did not think i would guess the movie this fast
prediction: do you know how long the UNK ?
truth: it came out in 2011 .
prediction: it is a comedy by robots .
truth: i know that UNK li does not have a lead role
prediction: she is
truth: he had a brokerage firm and got caught by the fbi for massive corruption
prediction: i like the scenes that is his head and then when it first came out
truth: it tells the story of two monster mike and sully .
prediction: yes . it is a great movie with a prequel of cute and fantasy growing it
truth: i like some super hero movies . does it have a lot of action ?
prediction: it s a thriller film . it s a thriller .
truth: great movie
prediction: what is the name of the movie
truth: the movie is a comedy .
prediction: yes it is a comedy comedy about a comedy for a magical forest on rotten tomatoes .
truth: it is directed by the big s
prediction: have you seen it ?
truth: excellent . thank you . who is leading actor of this movie
prediction: what is the title of the movie ?
truth: the one we just watched ?
prediction: hey
truth: do you like romance movies ?
prediction: have you seen the movie the blind side ?
truth: is there romance ?
prediction: ok that is a good movie
truth: it sounds like a well done movie i am a general fan of nolan as well
prediction: it is a great movie
truth: is it a movie that you would find yourself watching again ?
prediction: i think i saw the trailer in the movie though .
truth: hahah nothing hits home like some good old UNK wall street corruption !
prediction: i am surprised rotten tomatoes when they gave an 8 year old .
truth: yeah that seems kind of low .
prediction: i would love to see it again . i guess i would watch it again .
truth: yes . real people . they go into dreams .
prediction: it is a person person about a tv story in new york city
truth: might be worth seeing the movie just to hear pharrell .
prediction: i did not realize that the movie was based on a true story .
truth: oh thats nice
prediction: i love the book and this is all the book in the movie .
truth: i have always been amazed with how people can just step into roles like that
prediction: that is true i ll check out .
truth: dang ! what is with the leo hate ?
prediction: i ve heard about that . i ve heard about that .
truth: yeah iron man got 94 on rotten tomatoes .
prediction: yes
truth: i have ! have you ?
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: i did not i heard it was pretty bad though . .
prediction: i did not know that but it was better than that .
truth: are you into watching american romantic dramas ?
prediction: i do not know if i am not sure if you mean about the movie .
truth: so i guess we are supposed to talk about dunkirk
prediction: hello
truth: mean girls is great
prediction: do you like the movie ?
truth: ok . maybe i have seen the movie many years ago but i do not remember much details at the moment . . .
prediction: i agree .
truth: it is also based off of a true story .
prediction: i am not familiar with that
truth: is it scary ?
prediction: oh wow that sounds interesting .
truth: i forgot he became UNK on black monday
prediction: i think it is a good comedy movie but i think it would be good to see a movie .
truth: which actor plays batman in this movie ?
prediction: it is a movie that takes a dry .
truth: mhmm i dont even recognize that
prediction: who is the main character ?
truth: sounds like a great plot
prediction: is that a lot about that is a crazy thing
truth: yes i agree
prediction: i think i should watch the movie
truth: no been too busy for that one . but i will see it eventually .
prediction: yes i have seen it many times .
truth: yes chris evans is very UNK ! i will make sure to watch it again !
prediction: i like robert downey jr . is that one of my favorite actors ?
truth: i remember it
prediction: it was directed by david fincher it was very good .
truth: it sounds very interesting from the description . have you ever heard of any of the actors in the movie ?
prediction: it looks like you should watch it if you would like it
truth: there s three of them i think . does it say it s by disney ?
prediction: no
truth: UNK version not sure if they made one before then
prediction: it was a 2010 movie starring robert downey jr .
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: what part does tom hanks play
prediction: why toys think they have to get exact exact in that
truth: so what ratings does the movie have from those UNK
prediction: facebook is the first time movie i am not familiar with me .
truth: i like nick too !
prediction: i liked the fox s character . he had her role well with the character
truth: it did make me like facebook somewhat more but i did not like learning how zuckerberg sort of stole the idea .
prediction: it is a good movie that the year of facebook .
truth: ouch that is not a very nice review
prediction: i think so too
truth: did you enjoy it ?
prediction: oh nice
truth: sally hawkins performance was great .
prediction: yes i agree she was great as well .
truth: would recommend this movie if so why ?
prediction: i would think it is a good movie
truth: sally hawkins michael shannon octavia spencer and richard jenkins
prediction: robert downey jr and chris evans as an actress by jonah hill and margot robbie and octavia spencer
truth: he was a student at briarcrest christian UNK
prediction: who is he in the movie ?
truth: that is cool . so it stands out from movies in the past .
prediction: that is a good movie for a movie to watch .
truth: who is your favorite avenger ?
prediction: i thought that was good . i thought that was a bit boring .
truth: i think he did ok but it was a surprising choice to make lex luthor such a small UNK boy .
prediction: i think i saw that one
truth: i am good . what kind of movie did you read about ?
prediction: good and you ?
truth: yes i actually do !
prediction: hello !
truth: do you like it ?
prediction: what is the movie ?
truth: what do you think of la la land ?
prediction: yes
truth: is there a female lead in the movie also ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: maybe . . . it for adults only ?
prediction: book
truth: have you seen it ?
prediction: i am not sure . i do not remember that .
truth: so its a comedy written by john hughes and directed by chris columbus .
prediction: i think it s a classic .
truth: that could have been its own movie
prediction: yes i remember him .
truth: it stars robert downey jr . any opinion on him ?
prediction: it s a great movie .
truth: how long does it take until his family notices ?
prediction: oh that is interesting
truth: scare machine that works with computer like precision
prediction: yes
truth: it is a very exciting movie and is highly rated
prediction: it s jaws a drama movie
truth: oh okay . what would you say your favorite part of the movie is ?
prediction: that sounds interesting . what do you think of the main character ?
truth: i am not sure but it scored 86 on rotten tomatoes so a lot of people liked it .
prediction: it is . it s a black comedy .
truth: jesse eisenberg plays zuckerberg but andrew garfield justin timberlake UNK hammer tyler winklevoss and max UNK are also in it .
prediction: it s a historical drama film .
truth: yes i have . did you ?
prediction: i have . i thought it was a pretty good movie .
truth: yep
prediction: i have not seen that one yet about . have you seen it ?
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: that is nice of her would you say she helped in his turn around leading to success
prediction: i do like the critics like it like mother UNK ?
truth: yes
prediction: yes it is
truth: i remember the scene on the plane where they are taking the body back to los angeles . . . . the scene was intense and well thought out
prediction: buying buying buying . . .
truth: i think i ll watch it later
prediction: he is a great actor .
truth: yes ofcourse
prediction: i do not know if i ve heard it was pretty good .
truth: yes
prediction: yes it is !
truth: oh ok i thought so but was not sure . i might be interested in watching it but i am not really sure .
prediction: i also like comedy . is the movie for the most of the movie ?
truth: no i do not however it has a cinemascore of a
prediction: it s a thriller and a thriller from the perspective of the villain who can be on the villain
truth: samuel jackson ist good actor
prediction: he is a great actor
truth: oh cool . sounds very historical . who is in it ?
prediction: i like movies so much of this movie
truth: it s computer animated comedy produced by pixar
prediction: the movie is pretty high for the movie . it s pretty high for the characters .
truth: it stars robert downey jr . are you versed with it ?
prediction: i did not know that was the name .
truth: i think you have to read the doc and tell me about the movie
prediction: i am not a fan of the movie .
truth: what is the story about
prediction: i am not familiar with the rating
truth: everybody says that
prediction: i agree it was very interesting .
truth: hi ow are you
prediction: hello !
truth: UNK there a sentence about superman in this ?
prediction: yeah it s a difficult UNK movie
truth: no kidding ! loki s kind of a jerk .
prediction: the movie is not loki for the rest of the world .
truth: this day in age i agree
prediction: yes that is true .
truth: oh okay
prediction: so its a war movie
truth: i might this weekend .
prediction: its a great movie .
truth: one of the key scenes of the movie is michael was in foster care with many different families . his mother was a drug addict .
prediction: he is one of my favorite actresses but i am not sure if it s on a true story or .
truth: oh no . i am wrong it was 2010
prediction: not so i would say i would say it was ok
truth: also the thought of abandoning one toy for another like andy does to woody for buzz was really UNK
prediction: i did not know that either .
truth: it is sci fi the actual category is UNK
prediction: no it s not so much .
truth: and some of the new marvel movies are okay too
prediction: i like the story too
truth: sounds like he was a one hit wonder .
prediction: i have not seen that movie .
truth: it s a 1995 film so 23 years
prediction: it s an animated movie that the one animation studios and has a 6 named 4
truth: it covers the story of how facebook started pretty accurately . if you like suspenseful movies you would like this one
prediction: it s a 2010 of the story from the accidental of the film .
truth: ryan gosling emma stone and john legend
prediction: it is a romantic comedy drama
truth: nope .
prediction: i have not seen it but i have heard good things about it .
truth: great me too
prediction: fine thank you !
truth: ah . UNK good director
prediction: i am not sure . i ve read about that .
truth: what do you think of the riddler as a villain ?
prediction: i think that is a really good point for the good ratings
truth: the cast did some spot on voice work !
prediction: do you think the movie was such a good rating ?
truth: margot robbie plays naomi lapaglia belfort s wife
prediction: so you know the other cast ?
truth: oh okay . i like batman .
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: i love the book and i love the director s adaptation of it
prediction: i have not seen a movie to watch it when i was a little bit a good idea
truth: yep
prediction: that is good . i like the first home of the movie .
truth: yeah hes the one haha .
prediction: oh yes . i think that is kid i think the movie is quite funny it ! there argument argument !
truth: ohh gotcha
prediction: i have drama it was good
truth: yeah
prediction: the film is john wick
truth: i am honestly surprised it s not higher but it is a fair rating
prediction: i thought that was a good movie . i liked the UNK of the movie .
truth: hmm i am not sure . the critical response seems negative .
prediction: i think it s a part of the movie
truth: my only fear with a movie like this is that it gets lost in its own details
prediction: i am not sure i have seen the original before
truth: ahh okay . is it a kids movie or more geared towards adults ?
prediction: that sounds interesting . what is it about ?
truth: inception
prediction: the imitation game i am to tell you about the title . have you seen it ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: oh yeah . where was the movie filmed ? where does it take place ?
prediction: what is the plotline rating ?
truth: unlike other wwii movies this takes place a bit before america comes in and saves the day
prediction: i did not know it !
truth: ah i think she is kind of annoying
prediction: yes
truth: ok and can you tell me a bit more about the movie
prediction: that is good . . . . . . . .
truth: tony escaped with a help of a captive in afghanistan
prediction: i am not sure about that but i am not sure if it was just done as well .
truth: i hear you . big avengers movie coming soon too .
prediction: i do not know eventually but i will try it to be in 2005
truth: me too . its good information too .
prediction: i like the scene where superman played superman . . .
truth: yeah good luck with kids these days
prediction: i think that the people felt the toys is the first movie i loved it . i loved the stick of tim allen .
truth: yes so this movie was based on a true story ? i did not know that
prediction: oh wow that sounds like something that is something that .
truth: it s actually a prequel to monster s inc . it s the story of 2 friends mike and sully and their college experiences .
prediction: oh really .
truth: nick wilde was such a great character . i really liked the fact that he was complex and had a bad side .
prediction: wilde wilde . i like the fox of nick wilde . i am a big fan of the movie though she was so good .
truth: thats true
prediction: i am not sure
truth: it was do you usually like biographical movies like this one ?
prediction: i agree . i was surprised to see that facebook was based on a book of the same name .
truth: have you had the pleasure of watching the movie ?
prediction: i have not seen it !
truth: olleh
prediction: hello
truth: have you seen the movie the blind side ?
prediction: hello
truth: more or less . it received a 56 100 on metacritic and an a on cinemascore
prediction: yes
truth: yes it is i would personally rate it even higher
prediction: i like the comedies of the main characters .
truth: its well rated in imdb also dont know how it didnt win at the oscars
prediction: again is not so sure .
truth: exactly ! it got pretty good scores on rotten tomatoes . i bet it would have got a 99 if it had more pie .
prediction: exactly . i also liked the shark of this movie . i thought it was a pretty violent concept . i also loved it in my opinion .
truth: you know i can not see that right
prediction: it s a very good movie
truth: the parents did not even know he was missing until they were halfway to paris !
prediction: i think i am going to ask you about the movie with my kids
truth: just not my bag
prediction: i think UNK is a good part
truth: it s interesting that its rt and metacritic scores are so low and then cinemascore gives it a b .
prediction: i agree
truth: it is more of a drama .
prediction: the movie is good to the movie .
truth: the snow queen UNK princes
prediction: yes
truth: i like the premise . it is based on wall street and the corruption .
prediction: i think it is a good movie to watch .
truth: no it is a drama based on fact .
prediction: it s about a man named michael oher who is a con man and justin timberlake .
truth: true
prediction: it was a great film
truth: is it a newer movie or an older movie ?
prediction: oh nice
truth: good what movie are we talking about ?
prediction: i am good
truth: hi how are you ?
prediction: hello
truth: i adore them . the more out there the better .
prediction: i do not like scientific movies . i enjoyed the story of this movie .
truth: yes they are starting to involve a lot of deeper meaning and providing comedic relief for even adults .
prediction: i think the scene where he was a bit better then
truth: agreed
prediction: i think it would be cool
truth: can you tell what about the movie makes it a dark comedy ? it almost sounds like a tragedy .
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: i like that they were willing to use a real country
prediction: i agree . i think the 3 game is the first time i would have been in a box .
truth: do you like fantasy movie ?
prediction: i like superhero movies . he is one of my favorite movies !
truth: does he ever UNK in love with a girl that he tries to save ?
prediction: i like robert downey jr . . . she does not seem to be a good actor in the movie .
truth: omg it was great
prediction: yes
truth: oh that is cool . i have not seen batman vs superman either . i am glad that she has gotten this role .
prediction: yes i like comic .
truth: the way it was shot gives you a UNK batman feel
prediction: oh okay
truth: sebastian was a very innovative character
prediction: i like how it came out in 2016
truth: hugh jackman as charlie kenton ! what a UNK . it was so UNK .
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: oh yeah ! ! ! he was so cute and entertaining
prediction: i liked the casting buzz lightyear buzz lightyear was a cute character
truth: have you seen despicable me ?
prediction: yes i have a great movie
truth: frozen
prediction: hello
truth: hello ! ever got the chance to see the wonder woman movie ?
prediction: hello
truth: oh ok . i like older comedies i would like to see it
prediction: i do not think i would be interested in watching it
truth: as for the down side it is 153 minutes long which is a bit much .
prediction: so does it have a happy ending ?
truth: yes the novel was also called jaws and was wrote in 1974 .
prediction: i did not know that either .
truth: sounds entertaining for sure .
prediction: oh i see that this is a good movie for a while time
truth: i guess ill have to check out wonder woman here soon
prediction: yes i do .
truth: i think she has a good chance . it has better reviews than the man of steel .
prediction: i do not think i would like to see the movie . i am not sure if you like it ?
truth: ah yes . eternal UNK of the UNK mind . it was much more indie than most of his movies .
prediction: haha . wow . i am not sure about that but i am not a big fan of his movies .
truth: thank you
prediction: i like no comedies
truth: that is an excellent score .
prediction: oh not . i am not sure
truth: i would put it in the 80 s as well . do you have a favorite actor or actress in this movie ?
prediction: i think i saw it in theaters .
truth: oh thats really nice i watched the civil war avengers
prediction: i do not know .
truth: UNK
prediction: i like him
truth: mike and sulley . it s the story of how they met .
prediction: it s a very good movie . i think it s pretty high and yes to watch
truth: yes i have seen it
prediction: i have not seen it . it s good but not i do not remember it
truth: no i have not seen it
prediction: yes i love the movie
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: there is no sequel at this time .
prediction: yes sequel it s a classic movie
truth: yeah that is reasonable
prediction: i like the UNK between anna really .
truth: i felt it missed a few beats where stuff dragged on
prediction: i have not seen it but i do not think it s about a person .
truth: now i feel like giving it a second chance i watched it in theatres almost 5 years ago
prediction: i like the movie but they were on the screen of the movie
truth: yea it must not be good
prediction: it s a fantasy movie .
truth: that would make for a crap movie then .
prediction: i think the third was pretty good . i think he s a good actor .
truth: cool ! i like those guys super funny . can you tell me a bit more about the movie ? what is it about ?
prediction: oh i see . it also has a great cast and it has a lot of negative jokes .
truth: at the scare school ? right ?
prediction: oh i am not sure if i ve seen it
truth: would you consider watching it again ?
prediction: i love the way and she is the kind of talking and he really really really well as well .
truth: what is your favorite
prediction: i love them ! i love the movie
truth: yes . but my favorite is iron man because of jeff bridges role as obadiah stane
prediction: yea he was a great movie for sure .
truth: its a comedy . i like comedies so i was thinking about checking it out .
prediction: what is the movie about about about it ?
truth: you have to explain why you liked it ?
prediction: i really liked it too
truth: no . i have not but i think it would be a good movie . i really like keanu reeves .
prediction: i have not seen that movie . what is it about ?
truth: i do like romance movies and i enjoyed this movie quite a bit . how about you ?
prediction: yes i do .
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: oh my god it is definitely a movie to see
prediction: i guess it s a war movie
truth: i thought they were going to die honestly
prediction: no i dont think that left scene with him in that
truth: really creepy
prediction: oh i like the screams of the film
truth: i agree the voice actors make everything
prediction: i like the fact that the movie was very creative .
truth: its such a pure movie for all ages as well . and a similar movie ? maybe small UNK
prediction: it was a good dog movie that has been UNK for the young time .
truth: mostly her and the merman having sex haha that was strange . the gore i could deal with though .
prediction: yes
truth: i found it deeply moving with the despair that the soldiers felt . it will be a classic
prediction: i think the movie was so well done .
truth: right he was a check UNK . great cast too
prediction: i did not know that .
truth: kristen bell as anna in my opinion was a great choice
prediction: i think the movie is a good rating .
truth: is it a tragedy or a comedy ?
prediction: oh wow . i have not seen that what played the rest of the characters .
truth: yes all character were strong and the action song UNK perfect
prediction: i like that they like a new suit and the bad guy
truth: you are correct it stars leo UNK jonah hill margot robbie and rob reiner
prediction: oh i have seen it but i have never seen it in theaters .
truth: love me some rotten tomatoes have you ever seen frozen ?
prediction: i think the reviews are just familiar .
truth: it is one of dc s better superhero movies
prediction: batman vs superman . . . . . .
truth: great !
prediction: i am great !
truth: the movie is called la la land . have you seen it ?
prediction: yes i like the movie .
truth: lol he is a crafty kid but always seems to have the right UNK at his UNK !
prediction: yeah i do not remember much about the traps now and were it a good movie .
truth: yeah it was .
prediction: what was it about ?
truth: hmm
prediction: who was the bad guys ?
truth: yes . that is true for me also . i can not believe the lifestyle that he and his friends lived .
prediction: i do not know if i am a big fan of UNK . i wonder if it s been over 20 years ?
truth: yeah
prediction: the whole family trip to break the beach and how many brothers toys in the movie and creates the way he was released
truth: that and margot robbie was fantastic
prediction: i have not seen that movie totaled but i remember the name
truth: i was going to ask if it was animated . . . that makes sense !
prediction: i like rabbit kristen bell .
truth: nice i enjoy animated movies . 3d seems cool too . was the movie well received ?
prediction: oh i see ! who is in it ?
truth: yes i like him
prediction: i liked how they gosling gosling gosling is in .
truth: it is about a mute cleaner who was working in UNK laboratory and fell in love with a humanoid amphibian creature .
prediction: it s a fantasy drama about espionage
truth: i am surprised that it only got an 89 percent on rotten tomatoes
prediction: i liked the part of the movie . i did not know it was based on a true story .
truth: yes i like a lot of musicals actually . is la la land a musical ?
prediction: i have not seen it but it is a great movie .
truth: yes have you seen it ?
prediction: so what is it about ?
truth: i am fine
prediction: i am good .
truth: how are you doing
prediction: i am a huge fan of guillermo del toro
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: yes he had a really sharp tongue has a way with words you do not see coming
prediction: i think he was too good in the movie !
truth: rotten tomatoes 89
prediction: yes i agree . i do not think i ve seen it but i do not think they have a on time
truth: imagine being dumped by your girlfriend and getting an inspiration to do something big from that
prediction: i think it would a pretty low rating on rotten tomatoes . i agree with cinemascore and look at it it was not as popular .
truth: i would love to watch a movie where ld is the villain
prediction: ok
truth: i did not find ryan goslings character all that interesting . emma stone did a better job at grabbing my attention
prediction: i agree that the whole thing about the film is the first we musical in the end
truth: yea i am not too big of a gwyneth fan
prediction: i think the iron man was a good movie to watch .
truth: i would hate to hear that i prefer my historical films to be close to the real events as possible
prediction: i think it was a good movie
truth: sort of
prediction: yes it s a very good movie
truth: i see this came out in 2005 too
prediction: yeah that is true it s not a major spielberg film
truth: i have watched the newest thor . but yeah iron man is a UNK .
prediction: impossible is good but i think he did good
truth: oh wow ! sounds like a movie my daughter would like .
prediction: oh wow . is it an animated film ?
truth: they are those movies that always fill me with suspense
prediction: yes that was a
truth: he is a great actor
prediction: did you like the movie ?
truth: no metacritic was under par too
prediction: i like comedies too
truth: some people prefer books
prediction: i am good .
truth: it sounds like a very interesting movie i really like that they used anthropomorphic animals .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: they have shown in the movie how a snowman speaks up .
prediction: did he win any awards ?
truth: yes i believe so she has a small but UNK UNK part in this movie .
prediction: is it just a movie ?
truth: that is about it
prediction: oh really . it s a classic movie i should watch it again
truth: i agree .
prediction: i think he is really good for the part of the world he gets to more more of the villain
truth: yes i also intersted
prediction: yes
truth: since it s also kind of famous is not it ?
prediction: i like how it was released in imax s tv musical .
truth: yeah she UNK a UNK kinetic magic
prediction: i think the rotten tomatoes score is low .
truth: yes i did its a dc comics character
prediction: it is an american comedy from 2013 and the main characters
truth: i agree did you like the foxes character ?
prediction: i think there will be more of a sequel s one .
truth: whos your favorite character ?
prediction: i agree
truth: tell me about it
prediction: do you like movies with good ratings ?
truth: no but it sounds pretty good
prediction: yes
truth: nice . what kind of reviews did it get ?
prediction: hi
truth: it has a high imdb too meaning audiences also liked it not just critics
prediction: it s a thriller movie that has a 92 on rotten tomatoes .
truth: hi good day i just finished watching the the social network
prediction: hi !
truth: so have you seen the wolf of wall street
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: it was disturbing
prediction: i like real serious and falls UNK to see a movie i did not like justice
truth: te movie frozen ? why yes it did seem to lag just a bit . at least according to one critic .
prediction: i think it was a 9 10
truth: that sounds very good
prediction: woody is the same movie i would have to say the toys .
truth: tom hardy was great in the movie
prediction: i do not think i ve ever seen it
truth: yeah some of them . i am a big fan of spiderman and i like the daredevil show . i am not a fan of the intergalactic crap though
prediction: i am a big fan of the marvel comics movies
truth: it was ok for me
prediction: what is it about
truth: but it s not a boring documentary .
prediction: he is a great actor !
truth: hello . so the movie is mean girls . have you ever thought about watching it before ?
prediction: i know what thought thought about watching it before .
truth: i thought it was pretty good
prediction: i think it was ok
truth: which movie ?
prediction: i have not seen it yet
truth: yes
prediction: yes
truth: what is the name of the movie ?
prediction: yes i agree
truth: i am reading about the movie . it s monsters UNK
prediction: hello
truth: hi i am good how are you ?
prediction: hello !
truth: hello .
prediction: hello
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: i thought it was older than that .
prediction: i do not know much about the movie .
truth: he had to score a good UNK to be accepted into a college
prediction: yes he was a good director
truth: ah . well i would definitely see it if he s in it he s my 1 celeb crush
prediction: i think he s good in it . i do not know cilian cilian it was based on a book but i do not remember cilian murphy
truth: i liked that they became friends when they were both having problems .
prediction: s the plot and the other pyramid of the movie is the best .
truth: definitely ! i loved seeing woody and buzz go from rivals to friends .
prediction: i agree with the critical response was also really great .
truth: i remember seeing trailers for it
prediction: that sounds interesting
truth: i can not imagine ryan gosling in a musical but i guess it could work .
prediction: i think the movie is a good movie .
truth: i thought that loki played a great villian
prediction: i think the marvel comics character up is a great director .
truth: what is about
prediction: oh that sounds interesting . what is the movie about ?
truth: ohh i love humor
prediction: that sounds interesting . what is the main plot ?
truth: who made it
prediction: ok
truth: wow . i can not believe it is that old . one year after i was born ! ha .
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: yes it is awesome . it tells the story of frank abagnale who was 19 when he con would millions of dollars ! dicaprio was great in this role .
prediction: i also like him in this movie he was great .
truth: normally i love david fincher s stuff
prediction: i did not xd that way .
truth: okay
prediction: i did not . it was directed by john lasseter . i think it was pretty funny .
truth: ok
prediction: oh cool
truth: do not know about him
prediction: i do not know any of the actors in critics but i do not know if i ve seen any of the other movies so i will be going to
truth: lmao
prediction: i like the first one . i wonder if the movie is not based on the original story ?
truth: so she was betrayed by the one she loves ?
prediction: i do not know the name of the film is definitely a superhero movie . . . .
truth: i think it was an animated live action . animated by the french animated studio mac guff . do you remember when it was released ?
prediction: yes
truth: oh sure and the story of the characters years at university seems like a decent storyline .
prediction: i think it s a great movie for the most part of the film .
truth: i like him but i think i like sully more it was fun to see them interact more with other monsters this film as well
prediction: i agree
truth: good ways to watch it without buying it
prediction: i have seen it but i do not think i have seen UNK . i wonder if it was true or embellished ?
truth: yes i agree it is a funny smart movie .
prediction: i am here . i think it s a great movie to see if i can you really see the movie .
truth: i was wondering if it was a comdy .
prediction: i agree
truth: if only seen UNK of it .
prediction: i love that it was based on a book of facebook .
truth: it does ! it is about a high school girls and cliques seems realistic !
prediction: oh wow that is why !
truth: yes it does seem like a good movie
prediction: yes it is .
truth: have you seen it before ? i love that movie
prediction: i am a big fan of superhero dicaprio
truth: i watched it a bit UNK it was better than i thought it would be too
prediction: it was a decent movie that came out in 2002 .
truth: do you like superhero type movies ?
prediction: it looks like it has some really good actors
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: ah ha ! got it
prediction: i think the movie is strange based on a decade of the game
truth: what was the funniest thing he did as god ?
prediction: role a great job of the movie
truth: no sure
prediction: yes !
truth: are you seeing a one page document ? i thought there would be 3 pages
prediction: i would say it s so it s a thriller for the most of movie
truth: i should to be honest . have you seen the other recent dc films like batman v superman
prediction: no i do not think i would have to watch it if i would have seen it more than it .
truth: it was hilarious and so different than other animated films
prediction: i liked the animation movies
truth: yes
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: he was hilarious
prediction: i remember hearing bad guy
truth: stephen spielberg directed it and it s a biographical crime movie
prediction: i have not heard of before .
truth: i like it too . funny and heart warming at the same time .
prediction: i agree . i think the reviews of the movie was very interesting and thought it was a great movie
truth: yeah he was great as kevin .
prediction: i agree ! i think he played the role of kid was amazing
truth: do you agree with the rating ?
prediction: i am not sure
truth: yes i have do you like sports dramas in general ?
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: yes . it is a american historical drama film from 2014 . it is based on the biography alan turing the enigma
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen it . have you ?
truth: i just started please give me a second please .
prediction: i did not . i thought it was a pretty good movie . how about you ?
truth: i am good thank you
prediction: hello !
truth: yes margot robbie is the romantic interest
prediction: so do you like the movie ?
truth: yea action movies are intense and can be really fun to watch
prediction: is there a lot of action in it ?
truth: it wasnt as dark as most of the other movies but still had the action and feeling to make it UNK p
prediction: that is cool .
truth: thats not bad . i can t remember who directed this movie do you know ?
prediction: i think the movie was pretty much better than most of his movies
truth: yes that would be crazy lets hope that is not the case .
prediction: i agree . i do not think i would like to see this movie . i am not sure if i would be nice to see this one .
truth: yes it is a true story . it involves the fbi
prediction: i did not know that .
truth: do you like crime films ?
prediction: oh i see
truth: is it an action movie ?
prediction: is super hero
truth: g UNK of new york ?
prediction: i agree . i ve never heard of it .
truth: and leo jonah hill and rob reiner were all great in th UNK
prediction: i agree i agree with the rating rating of 8 10 .
truth: i am doing pretty good thanks
prediction: i am doing great thanks . how about you ?
truth: it was interesting yes
prediction: i did . i thought it was a good movie
truth: i liked it a lot ! i especially loved the contrast between the various characters . how about you ?
prediction: i like superhero movies . what did you think of robert downey jr ?
truth: do you know of any good movies ?
prediction: i just saw the movie home alone and the shape of water .
truth: hello
prediction: hi
truth: hey ! the movie is wonder woman . the reviews seems overwhelmingly positive .
prediction: hello
truth: my older son loved anna played by kristen bell . who was your favorite charcter
prediction: i think it s a funny scene where they had to relate because they can get the wrong at the UNK .
truth: captain america
prediction: your what do you like iron man ?
truth: it s cool
prediction: yes
truth: what genre is it ? i never watched it .
prediction: i am not sure i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: was it based on a true story ?
prediction: i dont think so .
truth: oh cool
prediction: i like him .
truth: but we are not supposed to talk about stuff outside the documents
prediction: i like the part of the main characters .
truth: me either . the film seems like it is interesting
prediction: no i have not .
truth: haha . . . . it s a comedy classic
prediction: it s a comedy .
truth: i think i did see that movie then
prediction: oh okay . . . . .
truth: why do you think i will UNK it ?
prediction: i have not seen the movie
truth: about the same thanks for asking
prediction: i am good .
truth: la la land . you into musicals ?
prediction: the avengers 2012
truth: i do . they are great
prediction: yes i love war movies .
truth: carrey is hilarious in the slapstick scenes
prediction: i agree
truth: hello !
prediction: hello !
truth: who is the main hero UNK
prediction: is it a good movie or it about a lot of steve carell ?
truth: does tony have friends ?
prediction: can you tell me more about the movie ?
truth: he was a computer scientist
prediction: i have not seen turing but i ve heard that it is based on a book .
truth: it is a kind of dark comedy movie which are not usually my favorite but they did a really good job with it .
prediction: i think so
truth: does it sound like a good movie ?
prediction: i do not know
truth: the standout actor is joel edgerton as tom buchanan . he did an excellent job portraying the character s UNK
prediction: the acting is about the antagonist screen of the book
truth: it is surprising it came out in 2010 . i never saw it in 3d
prediction: i really enjoyed it a lot of the time many times
truth: oh yep for me too
prediction: i agree
truth: i saw it once . . it was pretty good .
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: yeah ! with tom hanks as woody right ?
prediction: yes
truth: christian bale so good
prediction: yes
truth: loved it actually .
prediction: i liked it a lot . i liked it better .
truth: good . how are you ?
prediction: hi
truth: hey
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: no that makes sense i believe it . this also reminds me of the big short which i wanted to see but never did .
prediction: i think the ratings are pretty low .
truth: so he is probably pretty clever then !
prediction: it s a great movie . i think it s a great idea
truth: does netflix have it ?
prediction: that is a good point .
truth: did you know martin scorsese directed it ?
prediction: i think it was a really high movie
truth: yeah it is based on real life
prediction: i like to know about it
truth: oh yes it is sorry
prediction: i think that is is on the tv i would have to do with my score .
truth: whats the rating of the movie
prediction: reality is going to be a good movie to watch . emma stone does a good job
truth: according to this he did the whole thing to get back at a girl who dumped him
prediction: i think it was a black comedy about his own and the way that he was in the movie
truth: i like when the great pyramid is stolen
prediction: i am not sure what the movie is about ?
truth: gangs of new york
prediction: it is a black comedy type of movie i think i ve seen this one all the time .
truth: the critics seem to think so . audiences give it a good score too .
prediction: it is . it s directed by jon favreau .
truth: i am sure there are lots of difficult decisions to make running a national paper or media outlet like the post .
prediction: i am not sure how about you ?
truth: oh yea . . was it good ?
prediction: oh ok
truth: i seen this movie once a while ago but it s been a few years
prediction: yes .
truth: yes i watch it every christmas
prediction: yes
truth: ok how are you today ?
prediction: i am not sure about it .
truth: it seems like that was pretty much .
prediction: yes it is . i do not know what is the main government of the movie ?
truth: total we agree with the criticism
prediction: oh that is pretty cool
truth: yes batmans backstory is definitely an interesting one worth knowing !
prediction: i think christian bale is not a good actor .
truth: is there anything you would like to know about the movie ?
prediction: it is a war movie about dunkirk dunkirk during the battle
truth: i only just found out it was based on a book series
prediction: yes they are all of stories .
truth: to be honest it kind of starts off slow but picks up after the first 25 minutes after that its action packed
prediction: i like the scene where the scene where the soldier blinded to be a chick and for a favorite .
truth: i definitely agree with that
prediction: i think it s a good movie and i liked the movie even though it seems like a low score in my opinion
truth: me too . marv and harry were brilliant .
prediction: i think the pesci did a great job as buzz lightyear as kevin was incredible and daniel stern as well .
truth: dawn of justice to be exact .
prediction: it is a comedy too . it s a musical story .
truth: any worries about spoiler or can i talk ?
prediction: i did not know that . i was not aware about batman .
truth: correct
prediction: oh that sounds interesting !
truth: who were the co stars ?
prediction: oh cool . who is in it ?
truth: is this a drama or comedy ?
prediction: i think he s the bad of his puppy .
truth: i have ! it is a cartoon kids movie that focuses on the villian turned good guy
prediction: it s about a supervillian who is left behind and his left and he has a chance to help the boy of dollars .
truth: i have not what is it about ?
prediction: it s about how that is a kid from his house .
truth: hi i have seen the movie la la land several times and it is a great movie . it features ryan gosling and emma stone
prediction: yes i do . i love action movies . have you seen it ?
truth: no UNK espanol
prediction: oh ok . what is the main character ?
truth: i like the UNK UNK of the s . h . i . e . l . d .
prediction: iron man captain america thor
truth: do you like any other batman movies more ?
prediction: i do not know . i thought it was funny . i like him with the batman of the film .
truth: did you like it ?
prediction: i am not sure but i am sure stone
truth: really ? why do you like marvel movies so much and not say harry potter films ?
prediction: i did not know that
truth: what ?
prediction: oh that sounds interesting
truth: i think that was really interesting to see leonardo dicaprio in that role . i think he was great . i also liked the performance of ellen page .
prediction: i think the reviews was pretty good too .
truth: his character was really good he could have his own spin off .
prediction: i think there was a sequel to do more together lol .
truth: do you agree with the rating ?
prediction: i like most of them but i love interest movies
truth: the newspaper right ?
prediction: oh i see . i have not seen it . i would have to see it . do you know it is a good film .
truth: yes one of the marvel comics movies and one of my personal favorites .
prediction: it s a great movie
truth: i have not seen the movie . what is it about ?
prediction: no i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: yeah i thought it was fine entertaining . i like the angle it UNK on sleeping beauty .
prediction: i think the movie was a great movie
truth: catch me if you can
prediction: the movie is called the blind side . have you seen it ?
truth: good hw abt u
prediction: good .
truth: pretty good and you ?
prediction: good . how are you ?
truth: i cant relate much to the scamming lol i am not that clever
prediction: i agree . i think that is why i do not remember the name it was based on a true story
truth: the movie makes good use of comedy i would describe it best as a romantic comedy
prediction: it is a comedy of a jazz pianist school
truth: i do not remember . . .
prediction: i think i will have to see that at in action then !
truth: right .
prediction: i think it is cool .
truth: it received mostly good critic reviews and it has an average on rotten tomatoes of 8 . 6 10 .
prediction: i did not know that .
truth: i love when they do that with any movie
prediction: i have not seen that yet ! but it is not as good as the main character
truth: just hard to relate to the character i guess
prediction: i think that it was a real life fiction by the studios of facebook .
truth: yeah . most of the movies i like get a lower score than that .
prediction: i agree . i think the ratings are good to understand .
truth: no i think it is a more psychological movie .
prediction: it is a great movie with a big named alan turing
truth: if you re not really a fan if this time period i wouldn t recommend you see it
prediction: yes
truth: can you tell me a little about the plot ?
prediction: i think i ve heard of it .
truth: so the movie has high ratings ?
prediction: i do not think i ve heard of carrey s anything else about this movie .
truth: i do not think i have watched a political thriller though .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: who was your favorite actor in it ?
prediction: i did not like the movie as well .
truth: great . how are you ?
prediction: i am good how are you ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: nick definitely saved judy s butt .
prediction: do you think there will be more just ?
truth: i mean as long as it s not vulgar or anything i would think that it s acceptable .
prediction: i think i saw it in theaters i was a kid and critics .
truth: does he also steal the moon ?
prediction: villian nefario
truth: yea
prediction: yes he is pretty good
truth: dr . UNK selvig helped loki to open the UNK .
prediction: iron man is also pretty good in this movie . he is a good actor
truth: i d
prediction: i think we have to the information about alan turing and the city of the fox .
truth: iron man or rdj is your fave ?
prediction: i like iron man .
truth: he is dark and mysterious and a little bad !
prediction: i like the scenes . i am a huge fan of hulk .
truth: yes the movie i have info on is a musical with a romantic comedy theme la la land . have you seen it ?
prediction: i have info you tell me about it . have you seen it ?
truth: it was very interesting to see him in a new dramatic role .
prediction: i agree .
truth: is it a movie for kids ?
prediction: oh cool . what do you think about the ratings ?
truth: uh no i have not what is it about ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: sure
prediction: it s a great and keep
truth: i think it is a so so movie . some of the parts are funny . what about you ?
prediction: yes i did .
truth: both critics and user ratings are pretty high for a biographical movie like that .
prediction: i have seen it . what is it about ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: yup . she failed them right away for breaking that scream can .
prediction: she is a bit better .
truth: are the ratings for it good or do not you know ?
prediction: oh that sounds interesting !
truth: yes but crazy does not make it better .
prediction: i did not realize i have watched it in theaters
truth: with the UNK batman has he can put up a worthwhile battle against superman .
prediction: yes it is a very good movie but the cast is amazing
truth: the movie was directed by tom shadyac . he did a great job .
prediction: it was directed by zack snyder s reporter that
truth: leonardo dicaprio is the lead actor .
prediction: robert downey jr . is an ex actor
truth: she becomes academy valedictorian however she is delegated to parking duty by chief bogo who doubts her potential because she is a rabbit
prediction: yes ! it is a very unusual movie for kids and adults will smile to each other .
truth: yes she makes an appearance .
prediction: me too . i do not usually affleck that wonder woman is in it .
truth: yeah the plot seems great . leo dicaprio starred and produced it looks like .
prediction: i think that is a good one that is not so good though that it s just that it s got not much bad reviews reviews .
truth: oh it s hilarious . it did not receive a huge score on rotten tomatoes but it had a really good cinema score .
prediction: it s about a woman reporter who complains to god the tv reporter in her dreams .
truth: i do not think so . what was it about ?
prediction: i am a big fan of leonardo dicaprio .
truth: i can not even remember if i ve seen it or not .
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not watched it yet
truth: inception
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hello !
truth: hey
prediction: hello
truth: yup and this one started it all .
prediction: yes he is a good director
truth: there are so many excellent scenes . i am actually surprised that the reviews are so low for rotten tomatoes and metacritic .
prediction: i agree . i am not sure that the reviews are good for the characters of their roles .
truth: so it s not real accurate ?
prediction: i usually like it .
truth: that is also one of my favorite movie
prediction: what do you think of the special effects of the hulk ?
truth: i wonder if it has a lot of violence in it . trying to decide if i want to see it or not
prediction: i think it is a good movie with a cinemascore of a
truth: i think that would be a very sad part of the movie since the puppy was given to him by his deceased wife .
prediction: yeah he is a good dog .
truth: yes the 3d is breathtaking with spatial and emotional possibilities .
prediction: i agree it is a 3d movie .
truth: i like UNK
prediction: i liked the character in this one
truth: yep a 83
prediction: ok
truth: political thriller rotten tomatoes users gave it a 88 approval rating
prediction: it s a thriller about a man eating and is a real broker but i guess it does not have to see the pentagon papers
truth: the action and the plot
prediction: i like the matrix with the first one of the last time
truth: yes the one and only . i am not sure what to do and the instructions are gone
prediction: i am going to you about the 1980s rating ?
truth: yes how about you
prediction: i am good
truth: the movie is la la land
prediction: the movie is called the wolf of wall street
truth: do you have a loaded document ?
prediction: have you seen the movie the shape of wall street ?
truth: hi .
prediction: hello !
truth: 2 hours 10 UNK
prediction: i think robert downy downey downy downy plays a good guy .
truth: but i bet they look good ! i appreciate your use of details . did you check out the strategies tab below ?
prediction: i am not sure what it is . . . i think it should be higher . . .
truth: it is understandable the first scene takes place in a war torn region
prediction: i am not sure . i like the way that was the case .
truth: i would agree . i usually do not like leonardo d . but i must admit this movie made me forget that opinion !
prediction: i agree . i thought the critic reviews were pretty good . i think it s a bit sad that there started off the story in the movie .
truth: ok . i am familiar with wonder woman the superhero just not all the details .
prediction: oh wow . i am not sure about that but i am not sure . i am more of a thriller .
truth: really ? you mean bats
prediction: what movie was it ?
truth: it has a 98 rating on rotten tomatoes and at 8 . 1 on imdb .
prediction: it is a great movie based on a book of 98 and that is really a typical to do you like it ?
truth: leonardo dicaprio
prediction: i am not sure . i am a big fan of the movie
truth: great actors do not you agree ?
prediction: oh that sounds like a good movie .
truth: i have actually seen it but it s UNK long time
prediction: i am not sure yeah but i think it s a great movie
truth: it is a dark fantasy film that is loosely based on disney s sleeping beauty
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen it
truth: yes . the avengers is about iron man captain america hulk and thor being recruited .
prediction: i like the movie
truth: doing great .
prediction: i am doing well thanks .
truth: no are you
prediction: i am not a fan of fan of wonder woman .
truth: fine
prediction: good how are you ?
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: the movie came out in 2002 but it takes place in the 1960s
prediction: that is a high list day .
truth: saw that i do not think its a black comedy theres like 2 black people in the movie .
prediction: the film is based on a true story .
truth: who are the other characters
prediction: i like the kid UNK him and the actress the can is not the big but the truth gets the way they s in the movie .
truth: i agree ! i liked how the film tackled racial issues in contemporary society . did you feel they addressed that well ?
prediction: yes he was really good in the film
truth: the ocean s predators are rather scary . i am not sure if i should see it though will it make me afraid of the ocean ?
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen up but i do not know what he is .
truth: he goes to the UNK store and UNK food
prediction: it s a good movie for sure
truth: well these are all based on comic books so i think that is the direction they took
prediction: i like action movies . i like marvel movies
truth: with martin scorsese directing what did u expect ?
prediction: i agree . i thought he was really good in frozen .
truth: vector and doc UNK what didnt you like about it ?
prediction: he was great . he was great . he was my favorite character .
truth: so it was produced in 1995
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: what would you say is the main premise of the movie ?
prediction: the movie is about the tony stark the death of facebook .
truth: who played marv the bad guy ? do you remember ?
prediction: i think i was a kid as he was . he did a wonderful job .
truth: i love matthew mcconaughey
prediction: i saw that movie i would say is this movie
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: oh i like that one a bit about it .
truth: macaulay culkin is so awesome .
prediction: i have seen it but i have seen it but it was very funny .
truth: hi !
prediction: hello !
truth: yeah they make these movies too long .
prediction: i much more much about it . i think it s a little more more than one of those movies .
truth: it is i think drama is key in a movie like this .
prediction: i like that dunkirk UNK it was released in the movie
truth: imagine only having a pair of clothes and sleeping outside in a cold weather . it is heart UNK
prediction: i agree with the ratings . i think it was really sad to watch it
truth: what is your favorite scene ?
prediction: i like the story between his character and is offered inspire his life and got a good job
truth: yes i do . i look at rotten tomato and also at critic reviews
prediction: yes
truth: you truly can overcome any UNK with the right mind set
prediction: i think that the story is the best part that is the best
truth: idina did an incredible job as else too
prediction: i agree !
truth: have you seen the movie ?
prediction: oh my you like it ?
truth: yeah its very interesting movie
prediction: yes
truth: i think that was kind of the point though to subvert your expectations about the character .
prediction: he was a good actor for the role .
truth: oh yeah that is interesting
prediction: what is the rating of the movie ?
truth: oh i have not seen it yet . is it good ?
prediction: the movie is batman vs superman .
truth: hello . what is the genre of the movie ?
prediction: hello . are you a big fan of the movie ?
truth: i thought it was good ! my kids really enjoy it
prediction: i like toy story .
truth: hi
prediction: hello !
truth: UNK
prediction: hello
truth: three friends found a company for stock trading . and they begin to set up a method for scamming others .
prediction: the movie is based on a true story
truth: UNK
prediction: i think it was funny in the 70s
truth: what do you mean by that ?
prediction: i like the character of the movie . i like the scenery and morgan freeman is great .
truth: UNK critics think it was real and had characters and it mattered who they were
prediction: i would love to enjoy it as very much . i would love to see it on tv at least what the movie sounds interesting .
truth: yeah it does . i actually had no idea until recently but tina fey played a part in the UNK . pretty interesting huh ?
prediction: did you know who voices the star ?
truth: judy became a police officer
prediction: oh wow then then ! the movie is amazing . it s still dark disney and enjoy all three characters and the other characters and were great .
truth: i have not watched it . i just read the last review .
prediction: i think it was pretty funny but i think i would not want it
truth: is it a childrens film ?
prediction: who is the movie ?
truth: would it be good for younger children ? or is it scary
prediction: i ve seen the fearless princess of her estranged .
truth: are u there ?
prediction: yes i have . i was a little about a long time and i love ryan gosling
truth: is not that the movie with jennifer anniston ?
prediction: i have not seen it . have you ?
truth: what kind of movi e do you recommend ?
prediction: the movie is about dunkirk and dunkirk is a british person .
truth: oh okay what type of movie is it ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: what is it about ? ?
prediction: it is a comedy animation directed by christopher nolan
truth: have you seen shape of water
prediction: how are you ?
truth: so what movie do we discuss today ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone
truth: this movie reminds me of sleep UNK have you ever heard of it ?
prediction: lol .
truth: joe pesci as harry and daniel stern as marv . the bad guys
prediction: robert downey jr . tom hanks christopher walken and tom hardy .
truth: those are great scores . did you see the movie ?
prediction: yes it was directed by the original well .
truth: it says it is a black comedy so the jokes are not exactly ha ha ha .
prediction: i think it s a dark movie that is interesting .
truth: 2011 what a year to combine science and sports in one film
prediction: i think it would be more than intense . what was your favorite scene ?
truth: i did not see it and i am worried that there will be spoilers in the information here .
prediction: i did not like that . i am not really into the trailer of the film
truth: yes agreed !
prediction: i agree with the rotten tomatoes rating of a
truth: oh ok
prediction: yes
truth: no it is actually very interesting and you can follow the same people in real life today
prediction: it is a war movie . it has a cinemascore cast of a and and the people are really good .
truth: it looks like many peple like it according to the ratings
prediction: who are in new york ?
truth: i do not think i have
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: ok
prediction: yes
truth: it has lindsay lohan in it .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: not too bad . thank you . the movie for discussion today is ironman .
prediction: the movie is called the blind side
truth: hello . i am eric . let s make UNK
prediction: hi !
truth: hi there !
prediction: good you ?
truth: looks like that is coming out in may 4th 2018 better mark your UNK !
prediction: yes
truth: the overall concept of the different levels of the dream states and the special effects that went along with it
prediction: i like the scene where she was blinded to be a scarer in a dream city
truth: no he plays a movie that has a ganster scene where it s sounds like they are shooting a gun
prediction: he s a good actor
truth: he is just a strange person in general
prediction: i odd oh yea that this story is a drug . i am not sure if you would like it on wall street .
truth: did he face any issues on the football team
prediction: i think adversity faced the football . did you like the movie
truth: i am not sure but it has been described as a wildly ingenious chess game .
prediction: yes it is a great movie and not at all .
truth: lol i was thinking the same thing
prediction: i think it is a good movie
truth: is it based on a true story ? the name belfort sounds familiar .
prediction: margot robbie is the perfect role i like that movie .
truth: tbh i have watched it 6 times now and still haven t got bored of it
prediction: i like him too .
truth: i agree . 86 seems fair .
prediction: i do not think i have not seen that movie .
truth: i agree i have not seen it but i will add it to my list
prediction: i am not sure about the whole cast members that is in the movie
truth: i am more of an xmen person .
prediction: i would have to say about the sequels . i would have to say about it .
truth: what do you think about the UNK ?
prediction: i really liked it a lot . i really liked it a few years ago
truth: did you ever see the social network ?
prediction: ok
truth: the first one or one of the sequals ?
prediction: hello . . . . what is it called ?
truth: appears i have the document today
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: i do not think it did . he was in a few when he was a cute kid but then fell off .
prediction: i agree . the cinemascore of the movie is UNK the source of the year old .
truth: i see . so i assume movie theaters stop showing it ages ago ?
prediction: i have not seen this movie . i am a big fan of leonardo
truth: does the movie depict alot of violence or UNK ?
prediction: i like the office of the war but batman begins is a good director .
truth: when the main character UNK shows his female UNK that everything around them is a dream and the world they are living in is created
prediction: i am not sure about that . i am not a big fan of the plot .
truth: ah ? that sounds good no ?
prediction: what was your favorite part of the movie
truth: yes almost 10 years .
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: is it scary ?
prediction: i think it was a fictional time for both for children .
truth: super cute imo
prediction: i think it is a good movie . i loved this movie as a child . i loved this one .
truth: yea please
prediction: i think i ve seen the minions that the movie is based on the comic book of the movie ?
truth: no . but i would love to see the 3d computer animated comedy .
prediction: i did not . i was surprised by the ratings .
truth: that is awesome let s talk about the movie on the left .
prediction: i like movies like batman begins
truth: i agree ! i enjoyed tom hanks and bob odenkirk as well .
prediction: i have not seen it either but i have heard of it .
truth: i have seen it . you mean the 2010 biographical drama directed by david fincher about the founding of facebook right ?
prediction: hello ! how did you like the movie ?
truth: i have not ! is it a good movie ?
prediction: yes i have not . what is it about ?
truth: no never saw it . any good ?
prediction: hello ! i have not seen it but i have seen it a few times .
truth: hello !
prediction: hello !
truth: i think john legend did not do a good job in this flick
prediction: lol
truth: you should .
prediction: pretty good
truth: no i do not think so
prediction: so it s about the princess ?
truth: collins reaction is UNK too . being open minded in a teenager is rare
prediction: yes . i think that they got a really good story . i would rate it a little more
truth: i can only imagine
prediction: i think it s a good idea i think it would be a good movie to watch with a lot of drama .
truth: it got fairly good scores on rotten tomatoes and metacritic .
prediction: the main cahracter is the main character who is a spy man
truth: is there a lot of action ?
prediction: oh i have not . what is your favorite scene ?
truth: r u nuts
prediction: yes
truth: nice living the life !
prediction: billionaire . is it scary for the UNK of it ?
truth: it s from 2009
prediction: yes it is an action movie
truth: decent money . have you seen the shape of water ?
prediction: nice !
truth: interesting .
prediction: i did not know that
truth: hi there
prediction: i think it s a very good story .
truth: i ve never seen it have you ?
prediction: i have not seen it yet but i do not think it s a good movie for a long time .
truth: oh yes i ve heard of it just hav not seen it
prediction: oh ok . what is the plot about ?
truth: i think anna
prediction: it is a movie that it came out in 2016
truth: oh ok cool
prediction: i did not really get good reviews
truth: it is . especially coming out in 2016 among all those other good superhero films
prediction: i agree . i think that it was a movie that is not much of the whole thing
truth: they probably did
prediction: i think i ve seen it in theaters but still more about it
truth: no i have not seen it but it has a cinema score of a . the rotten tomatoes score is not as good
prediction: no i have not .
truth: that is an interesting take on the fairy tale .
prediction: that did not like it ?
truth: it sounds familiar but it s been a long time since it came out
prediction: i do not know that it was based on a novel ?
truth: i like that the movie is not dark or UNK like others
prediction: i agree . i think the main character is pretty cute . i think that is why i could not see what it was .
truth: no what year is the movie
prediction: i have not seen it yet but i have not seen it
truth: oh then i definitely did not see it . who s in it ?
prediction: i am not sure but i am not sure that it is based on a book .
truth: yes
prediction: i love the scenes
truth: no i have not . what is the theme ? and who plays within it ?
prediction: yes
truth: ok
prediction: did you like the movie ?
truth: same
prediction: good thanks .
truth: leonardo dicaprio
prediction: the main character is gru .
truth: hello i am fine
prediction: hi there
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: i agree
prediction: i did not know that either . i love the most part .
truth: home alone a kid left alone calls cop ?
prediction: i like noticing movies . the first one was really good in the movie
truth: bye
prediction: i would have to say about it
truth: batman to the rescue
prediction: characters is a great actress .
truth: i know
prediction: yes but i think that was a good scene .
truth: aurora was a good character
prediction: i think it s a hard to see how they showed a rivalry between at the m
truth: oh yea the true story is sad
prediction: i how the movie was based on a true story .
truth: i guess the writers needed to make it more interesting to the general public . the emotional content may have been more important than accuracy .
prediction: i can not believe it would be a surprise change for sure
truth: it is a comedy drama about two people in hollywood who fall in love while going for their dreams .
prediction: it is a comedy film .
truth: yeah he totally sold me on his performance and the way he gets into the dreams . . unreal ! !
prediction: it was released in 1975 .
truth: oh . do you know how they take care of it ?
prediction: it s a movie to watch .
truth: no i have not seen it . have you ?
prediction: yes i have
truth: oh yea saw that over christmas break . hard not to watch it during christmas .
prediction: oh ok
truth: i love marvel movies . they never cease to amaze me .
prediction: yes i do .
truth: no will use chat
prediction: no i have not .
truth: hello i wanted to chat with you about a really good movie that ryan gosling stars in it s called lala land .
prediction: hello
truth: it just gave the score
prediction: but i do not know that bad review is it a long time
truth: so she quit her job ? i do not recall that part .
prediction: i am not sure about that . i am not sure how they are the best actors in the movie .
truth: ah interesting .
prediction: i like the movie . i have he seen it .
truth: i can watch the movie many times because it is really good .
prediction: i think maleficent s a really good movie .
truth: i have also read that it is a quite violent movie being about war and all .
prediction: i do not know if i would like to more you the wonder if i would like it more than the plot .
truth: i cant believe how high of a rating rotten tomatoes gave jaws . 9 . 2 10 . that is such a high rating .
prediction: yes i agree . i think that is what the name of the movie was .
truth: i agree . the blend of fantasy and drama in the film was well done
prediction: i did not know it was based on a book
truth: i agree
prediction: i ve never seen the movie out . i wonder how much it is based on a true story .
truth: i can not imagine leonardo being funny
prediction: i like the concept of the film . it is a very good movie . i like that it s very funny .
truth: does it have any other critic ratings
prediction: it s an animated film with steve carell as gru
truth: yes its an cartoon film but am an adult and i cried
prediction: that is interesting . what is the plot ?
truth: agreed . i really enjoyed how they made a great backstory out of it .
prediction: i thought it was great . i think it was great as the fairy tale .
truth: yes i have i have to say its a unique blend of funny and serious which is very hard to pull of what part did you like the most ?
prediction: no i have not seen it .
truth: im doing fine
prediction: i have a great movie . have you seen it ?
truth: hi there
prediction: hi
truth: hello . the movie we are discussing is iron man .
prediction: hello
truth: i love emma UNK
prediction: bro movie
truth: yes
prediction: it was a good movie to watch with all of these actors
truth: i would think so seeing as the movie seems to take place in peoples dreams
prediction: yes
truth: per the UNK . . . these are other main characters
prediction: bad guy
truth: no luck
prediction: i am not familiar with these types of dunkirk .
truth: at least andy s birthday party was exciting even if it got moved up a week .
prediction: i agree
truth: what part did leonardo dicaprio play ?
prediction: who was in the movie ?
truth: no it has a diverse cast of men and women .
prediction: yes it is
truth: havent gotten those yet . . .
prediction: i think maleficent s a good actress .
truth: he continued to run away from his foster homes
prediction: yes
truth: it has steve carrell though which means i will probably like it
prediction: it s about a little awkward and that is not a small one
truth: haha that must be why i do not remember it !
prediction: i think it was . i think it was such a classic movie .
truth: what year was the movie released ?
prediction: is it rated pg 13 ?
truth: ah the comic book help write this darker batman . but ben affleck seem to do well as the older batman
prediction: yeah i think he is good but i love liam neeson and he plays the role
truth: any movie recommendations ?
prediction: yes i have not seen it . have you ?
truth: yes i have a document .
prediction: yes
truth: how about the actual plot
prediction: no i do not know but i do not know what else saying about jaws i think i will have to do the movie .
truth: is there romance ? sex ?
prediction: what year is it ?
truth: turned out nick had a sad past of his own that definitely shown him in a better light .
prediction: did you think the movie was fair made by a comic book ?
truth: maybe that is why i did not watch it ! i usually watch every leo movie ! ! lol ! !
prediction: i think i would have to get a chance about watching it . i am sure it s UNK over around
truth: gweneth paltrow is not as hot as a billionaire could afford too .
prediction: i do not like the movies of that .
truth: well first he got a full ride to college then the nfl
prediction: i think that the film was a good movie for a long time
truth: thanks . i think i will be looking into it while i am here .
prediction: i think he did a great job !
truth: john goodman plays sully .
prediction: it has a good cast of the main characters .
truth: the scene in afghanistan showed us that tony stark was critically wounded by his own UNK .
prediction: i agree . i do not know that in the movie was a long time ago
truth: it was the sixth film in the franchise .
prediction: i am not sure about that .
truth: i do not know that book
prediction: who is in it ?
truth: yes i do .
prediction: i do like zootopia .
truth: i think if the director did not go with the whole military technology route and went with a UNK power kind of plot it would have been more believable .
prediction: i agree with the ratings it looks like it got such bad reviews ratings . i like the characters in the movie .
truth: i love them . have you heard of wonder woman ?
prediction: i am a big fan of superhero hero movies
truth: i thought culkin did a nice job as kevin mccallister . it was entertaining
prediction: i did not . it was a great movie . i like comedy and jennifer and was a cute for the movie .
truth: here i am tell me about the movie
prediction: how are you ?
truth: kristen bell idina menzel jonathan groff
prediction: it s a superhero movie and has a 98 rating on rotten tomatoes and metacritic
truth: shape of water just started this week
prediction: i love that movie
truth: i am very interested
prediction: i would say that it s a thriller .
truth: it came out in 1995
prediction: it s a comedy that it s a kids movie .
truth: i worked for a zoo ! i love animals also .
prediction: oh i like sloths movies with zoo animals in this movie
truth: ya superhero movies tend to be long
prediction: i am not sure . i thought kristen bell was also a singer of the film .
truth: so then freeman god offers him the chance to be god for a week .
prediction: yes . jim carrey plays a billionaire in a russian and falls in a terrorist way to god
truth: a bit higher . i would probably put it in the 80s . what about you ?
prediction: i would place it was a while since i ve seen it
truth: yes it s very awesome to moved walls
prediction: i think it was not that exciting to me .
truth: i believe so
prediction: i like the first character well
truth: not at all
prediction: yes i am sure you
truth: that sounds interesting .
prediction: what is the conflict about the movie ?
truth: the first one from 2008
prediction: i like him .
truth: wow that sounds interesting what time period does it take place in ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: have you seen that movie toy story ?
prediction: i really liked that movie
truth: so what did you think of inception ?
prediction: hi
truth: without him there would be no electromagnet in the chest
prediction: i am surprised
truth: is andy a human then ? who voices buzz ?
prediction: oh that sounds interesting . is it scary ?
truth: yes you should go watch it
prediction: i like the movie what about you ?
truth: i ll have to look up this guy on google .
prediction: i like the way they were not too .
truth: yeah
prediction: that is crazy !
truth: jolie is a fairy who falls in love with a human peasant boy . then UNK wounds the kind and sends out a UNK to kill jolie .
prediction: i am not sure about the film that i have not but it were .
truth: i want a voice over job !
prediction: i agree . i think that is for the first time i saw it in theaters .
truth: it has a score of 88 percent on the rotten tomatoes
prediction: nice . . . . . . i have not seen it yet .
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: that is a musical .
truth: what is your favorite part of the movie ?
prediction: i think it was a little over on the top list of the movie . i like home realistic in movies
truth: jim carrey is funny a great comedian in it
prediction: yes i like jim carrey
truth: i thought it was a little worse to be honest .
prediction: i like jim carrey
truth: leonardo dicaprio did great in his role
prediction: he is a great actor in this movie
truth: yes . this film genre is the most entertaining in my opinion .
prediction: i agree . i was surprised by the critics but i really enjoyed the movie as well .
truth: yeah i read over it . i am assuming we both got the same film ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: tell me about it i think it is arguably the best pixar movie of all time !
prediction: i think it was a great movie .
truth: it s funny because he hits them with lots of booby traps
prediction: he is a good actor and UNK to help for him in the movie
truth: whats the last movie you saw similar to this movie ?
prediction: i am not sure how the movie is about toys and the girls
truth: agreed
prediction: i think so being the UNK together .
truth: yes the cast is very good . i like the actors godot chris pine robin wright and danny huston .
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: i love action movies big time
prediction: i am not sure i would have to answer keanu for a week
truth: mark waters directed
prediction: i think that the movie was not the greatest disney movie .
truth: he tends to play the same kind of character i agree
prediction: i think every comedy movie is a great UNK .
truth: not bad
prediction: yes
truth: maleficient jolie is in a conflicted relationship with the kingdom
prediction: yes . . .
truth: what makes it sci fi ? are there aliens ?
prediction: it is a romantic drama . it takes a romantic comedy . it is based on a book by david fincher .
truth: agreed . the movie is a good one for children to see it will give them hope i think .
prediction: yes i am not sure imdb but i do not agree with imdb .
truth: no i have not . but it seems like it has many positive reviews .
prediction: no i have not .
truth: have you seen batman ?
prediction: oh i have heard of it
truth: i have not what is it about ?
prediction: no i have not seen it yet .
truth: yea but it has been awhile . i like christian bale as batman
prediction: yes i have .
truth: i am good and you ? today we ll be discussing bruce almighty .
prediction: hi !
truth: totally agree with you on that .
prediction: i like monsters inc . the UNK character is a bit of genius culture
truth: i do not usually look at ratings before i watch movies . do you ?
prediction: yes i do .
truth: she blackmails nick in order to get him to help her .
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen it in theaters .
truth: the death of agent UNK is the turning point of this movie .
prediction: iron man is a good actor
truth: have you seen it before ?
prediction: oh wow . i have not heard of short . what is it about ?
truth: do you know any of the cast ?
prediction: i am very very much with really good actors from the shark and UNK the original . i am sure it s a jaws jaws
truth: naw michael shannon is all i UNK
prediction: the main character is the main character is a mute cleaner and her other
truth: for sure and i feel the same way about ellen page . i could not picture the two of them together before seeing this movie .
prediction: i would say it was not that long ago but not much better than the top but not sure how long can not be scary .
truth: what exactly is it about ? just a child that stays home from school ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: i was probably 8 or so when i seen it lol
prediction: it has a 92 on rotten tomatoes .
truth: i see what is the movie s release year ?
prediction: it has a lot of action in it .
truth: right man for the job
prediction: i love the voices animated film
truth: the intro scene is very nice
prediction: ya that is a good actor
truth: it is a fantasy superhero movie .
prediction: it s a good animated musical fantasy film . it s a good animated movie . it s a pretty good movie .
truth: and i like nick fury director movies like the hulk series .
prediction: i love superhero movies . what is it about ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: rotten tomatoes gives it a really good score
prediction: is it a long movie ?
truth: that is hard to imagine though . one of the key scenes involved a russian weapons trafficker . that sounds exciting !
prediction: i do not know that it was based on a book
truth: oh you are talking about elsa
prediction: i think they are like a good actress .
truth: yes she is at the bottom of the totem pole however she is optimistic
prediction: everyone like black panther and a fox like named nick to destroy a police officer
truth: yes i did
prediction: i thought the acting was pretty good . i think the film deserves a lot of replay value with my kids .
truth: 2002
prediction: it s a black comedy about a military drama white shark attacks of a major airline stock
truth: no .
prediction: i think it was a great broadway to watch the movie . i think i would have to watch it again .
truth: oh ok . so its about two sisters
prediction: you are really good
truth: bruce almighty was an incredibly funny movie . what do you think ?
prediction: i like jim carrey . he played the role well
truth: tell me about the avengers
prediction: yes i have heard of it .
truth: yea it looks like they put a lot of effort into the film its quite a UNK .
prediction: i agree with the rating it looks like it would be a plus of a film .
truth: no . it s a 3d animated film that came out in 2013 .
prediction: yes i have seen it
truth: fine thank you ! are you a fan of leonardo dicaprio ?
prediction: i am doing great thanks . how are you ?
truth: i think you should see despicable me !
prediction: hello
truth: hi
prediction: have you seen the movie the blind side ?
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: yeah i mean i think given the content there was no way it was going to get stellar reviews
prediction: i do not think the critics were about watching the film but the film was not as good as the dark knight would be possible .
truth: oh my ! that is funny . i guess if you like grown men fighting this is the movie to watch !
prediction: i am not sure about that .
truth: ummm no there is not much humor that i remember
prediction: yes it is funny and a lot of action moments for sure
truth: i wonder what the interest rate would be from the bank of evil .
prediction: russell brand was great in it .
truth: i think it s a storyline that they could get away with in 1990 but they would not be able to do something like that today .
prediction: he is a great actor .
truth: i also do not think that the critical response of frozen being UNK relevant is true
prediction: i think the same for it was a good movie to get a rating on rotten tomatoes
truth: the actors and plot . i think they will do a great job with it . how about you ?
prediction: i love the way . i am not a fan of his movies so i know .
truth: the movie takes place in world war ii during the evacuation of dunkirk
prediction: yes
truth: oh so the blue creature is an abominable snowman
prediction: looks like the first pixar watch movie so far
truth: hahaha who would hate it ?
prediction: i like toy story
truth: who acts in the movie ?
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: ha nope but i know about the song that they always play
prediction: it s a good movie .
truth: i do too ! bruce almighty was hilarious
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: ironmaster
prediction: yes i read it was
truth: oh ok what is it about ?
prediction: yes i have .
truth: good morning
prediction: hello
truth: it does not UNK state how long the movie is unless i am just UNK over it lol
prediction: i am not sure but i am not sure if the movie is on the netflix
truth: yeah the critical response said it was not fun
prediction: i agree . i do not think superman was a good choice for the film .
truth: i think jeff bridges is an excellent actor but his character was a bit cliche for my taste .
prediction: i liked the fact that they showed the moon was a little strange for the movie .
truth: sounds funny . it received a high rating from rotten tomatoes 81 percent . do you pay attention to the ratings ?
prediction: i guess gru does not make sense now .
truth: definitely deserved
prediction: i love how they did the voice of woody coming . i think it should be good to see it !
truth: the director name is joss whedon
prediction: it s directed by jon favreau
truth: yeah those are great . havent seen a good one in a while though .
prediction: i do like crime movies but i do like romance films but i do not have to see this movie
truth: it sounds like a good movie because of it s variety .
prediction: is it a comedy ?
truth: says that it is a historical political drama based on events surrounding the release of classified government documents in the 1970s
prediction: it s a pretty good movie
truth: yes and who would have thought tim mcgraw could act so well
prediction: i have not seen that one either
truth: yeah . kind of fair rating .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: i like michael caine too
prediction: i like superhero christian bale .
truth: ha ! not sure where to go with that . but i love the avenger movies ! why do you say not watch them ?
prediction: hi !
truth: yes i have seen it many times its one of my favorite movies . have you seen it
prediction: hello
truth: i have not have you ?
prediction: yes i have .
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: such a clever idea
prediction: i like the toys too
truth: is there a lot of violence in the movie ?
prediction: that sounds interesting . is he a good one ?
truth: however snyder is a master at UNK visuals and allegory
prediction: characters include him two people are always good to watch
truth: it seemed to bring imagination to adults and kids alike it s strange how they were able to make toy seem real
prediction: yes he was a great actor
truth: okay . now i see . it seems to have action after all .
prediction: that is a good movie
truth: elsa also flees the kingdom
prediction: right ?
truth: i like that it makes the movie more interesting for all .
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: i thought the name of the frat was hysterical roar omega roar
prediction: i think it was a prequel time back then disney
truth: i think it was funny because of what it contributed
prediction: i liked the character character was a great choice .
truth: oh ok
prediction: i do like sci fi
truth: idk how this works lol
prediction: he is a great actress !
truth: yes it s a pretty good movie
prediction: yes i have seen it but i have heard of it
truth: yeah i know . he is a great actor
prediction: yes i think it was a little bit that that is not a very good movie
truth: ok i have the fact sheet here . it was made in 2009 . a sports drama .
prediction: i have not seen it but i heard it s a good story
truth: yes i did ! i really like captain america !
prediction: yes i do .
truth: i have did you like it ?
prediction: i have not seen that movie . what is it about ?
truth: i love tim allen and tom hanks ! they are great actors !
prediction: i think it s a toy story . it s about a boy villain who had to the toys in a long way .
truth: what did you think about the plot twist regarding ares ?
prediction: i think that there was a lot of UNK in the film . i enjoyed the stick of the film .
truth: it UNK from his cons to on the run from the police . he s being chased by carl tom hanks character
prediction: i know ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
truth: clint barton is also UNK by the loki .
prediction: i think why also 69 69 different roles from the start .
truth: i doubt it would be something i enjoy but i may find out more to see if it is appropriate for the kids .
prediction: i think the animation is pretty good .
truth: i did not realize that either . i did recognize jason segel though
prediction: either . . . . .
truth: excited they are making a new wreck it ralph
prediction: i think it was interesting to see the first time .
truth: if i got an a in my college classes i would be ecstatic .
prediction: it has a lot of action scenes in it .
truth: its a comedy .
prediction: it is a lot of comedy but i like morgan freeman
truth: people of all ages love this movie me included . steve carrell did a phenomenal job voicing gru .
prediction: i agree with the rotten tomatoes score of a
truth: ok are u watching the jaw movie ?
prediction: UNK bro
truth: he is talented for sure like to get into character
prediction: i have a good time
truth: yes
prediction: yes i like to
truth: it s a great script
prediction: yes
truth: it starts out giving you background on a young boy . his parents are mu UNK .
prediction: it s about a journey he s a superhero movie who is in it .
truth: yes i guess so ! it has a 91 percent from rotten tomatoes !
prediction: hello
truth: what you favorite movie ?
prediction: UNK . . . . .
truth: i do and i do not . sometimes the critics are so full of themselves that they hate movies that i like
prediction: yes
truth: it came out in 2016 so its about a year and a half old
prediction: yes sounds like a good movie
truth: is it funny or boring ?
prediction: what is the plot of the movie ?
truth: from the looks of it it seems as if she is a good person that is just stuck in between 2 men that she loves
prediction: i think the character daisy is like the character i think he s a good actor but he was not so good in the role .
truth: ok . we just discuss the details about it . like who directed it ?
prediction: oh i see . i am not sure about university but i have heard of it .
truth: yep great cinema rating score !
prediction: i like the way that is a small kid
truth: would you say it s a reboot of the series ?
prediction: i am not sure about the director .
truth: i think the story looks very promising .
prediction: i think it was a good movie to the movie
truth: it has an a score at cinemascore
prediction: it was released in 2003 .
truth: yes me too right . it deserves a higher score
prediction: i agree gwyneth paltrow did the movie was great as well .
truth: yes i liked it as a kid .
prediction: i like that it has robert downey jr is such a great director .
truth: what is the genre of this movie
prediction: i am good . have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: catch me if you can .
prediction: hello
truth: yes he was excellent
prediction: yes it was directed by david fincher .
truth: dunkirk
prediction: hello
truth: the movie about michael oher was a UNK performance by sandra bullock she really put on a strong performance
prediction: i did not UNK that either is the first time sandra bullock . . .
truth: the document states that the mccallister family is preparing to spend christmas in paris . what do you think is an example of how they might prepare ?
prediction: i am surprised to the document that it was a good movie .
truth: yes and i did not like
prediction: i think it was a movie of a
truth: definitely but i dont agree with the metacritic score of 76 . i think it should have definitely been higher
prediction: yes it was too good .
truth: yes thats one scene . good thing you still remember some parts of it lol .
prediction: i like him !
truth: a snow queen goes on a journey ?
prediction: i have seen it several times
truth: yes that is a nice movie story line UNK awesome
prediction: it s a historical political thriller . it s a historical political thriller .
truth: and the reporter is jim carrey ?
prediction: oh i like comedies .
truth: that sounds like it could be interesting . have you seen the movie ?
prediction: oh cool . what is the movie about ?
truth: same here seen all of his but inception is by far his best work yet !
prediction: i am not sure about that
truth: it is an american historical and political movie
prediction: it is a historical political about a newspaper between newspaper white shark man
truth: the plot does not look too bad though . have you seen this movie ?
prediction: yeah i really like the marvel comics of the movie .
truth: i liked robert downey jr as iron man . it was good . did you enjoy it ?
prediction: i did not like the other cast . i thought it was pretty good .
truth: nah what is it about ?
prediction: no . have you ?
truth: i love jaws too ! the giant man eating white shark kept me away from going into the ocean for awhile .
prediction: yes i have a lot of spielberg .
truth: yes is see the movie in 2012
prediction: no i have not . what is it about ?
truth: i am surprised it only got a rating of 6 . 8 10 from rotten tomatoes too
prediction: that is a good score
truth: the dynamic between carl and frank was fantastic .
prediction: i like movies but i like that it was a war movie for a long time .
truth: yea i like how the different movies get connected
prediction: i think the movie was pretty good .
truth: tom hanks is always a good addition
prediction: i think he did a good job in this one
truth: 3 hours
prediction: it is a black movie that has a rotten tomatoes score of a .
truth: have you seen it ?
prediction: oh wow that is good . i do not know !
truth: me too ! i totally agree . and yes cillian murphy is listed in the info but i am not sure what he plays
prediction: i do not know cilian murphy did in it .
truth: i guess this is the 2nd installment of monsters inc seems cute and colorful
prediction: the ratings are a lot of positive
truth: haha so morgan freeman plays god ? i am sure this movie is hilarious then !
prediction: i am not sure if i remember correctly him in evan films .
truth: i do not think i could pick a favorite scene
prediction: yes
truth: yes really good it has 92 on rotten tomatoes
prediction: do you like movies in this genre ?
truth: i am not a child .
prediction: i am not familiar with the name of the movie
truth: me too i like it . do you like di caprio as an actor ?
prediction: me too . i would like to see it !
truth: does it ? i have not read into it much .
prediction: yes
truth: fine
prediction: i am good how are you ?
truth: hi
prediction: hi
truth: no
prediction: i dont remember much about it but i am not sure what you mean
truth: it was a very tense movie and imitation game would probably be more like a suspenseful drama while dunkirk is suspenseful action
prediction: do you like dunkirk ?
truth: do you usually like fantasy films ?
prediction: lol . . . i like the way that she would love but it was something for the older day .
truth: it is rare i will watch a movie twice . . you must really recommend this one !
prediction: i am not sure about that but i think it was a biographic time to watch
truth: nope i thought that loki and thor were probably the worst characters though
prediction: all the scene where the reviews are intense .
truth: yes does a good job . eisenberg plays zuckerberg in the movie and talks about when he started facebook after a break up with a girlfriend .
prediction: he is a talented actress and he is a good actor who is in the movie .
truth: yeah in the first part of the movie they meet but he brushes her off . then they meet months later and do not get along despite their chemistry
prediction: i remember him as a kid .
truth: yeah he is a great actor
prediction: i agree
truth: what types of characters are in the movie ?
prediction: oh wow ! what is the plot ?
truth: what is the name of the movie you are reading about ?
prediction: yes
truth: yeah i agree it was extremely funny and somewhat right on
prediction: i liked how they used kids in this one
truth: it s ok . not quite as good as everyone made it out . do you like UNK ?
prediction: it s about a super villain who is trying to be manipulated for a week
truth: not really dude
prediction: yes a few times
truth: yes amazing movie did you ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: no
prediction: yes i have seen it but i saw it a long story .
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: i did not realize that it was actually based off a book . stephen spielberg did such a great job directing .
prediction: i think it s been a while . i am not familiar with the cast of the cast . did you ?
truth: it has some great cast though although we just get to hear their voices .
prediction: yes it is definitely a great movie .
truth: was it any good
prediction: yes
truth: yes he steals the shrink ray
prediction: he steal steal steal steal steal steal steal he steal steal steal steal he steal his character
truth: that is true . but how about one critic claiming it lags the tiniest bit . what a world we live in !
prediction: i think it s a good movie that the songs
truth: i guess so
prediction: oh really ?
truth: me too ! i thought the story was so funny and dicaprio was brilliant in his role . are you familiar with the job of stockbrokers back then ?
prediction: that is a good one . i really liked the film that is a really good movie . i think it was very clever .
truth: as you said iron man can do all so definitely robert downey jr .
prediction: i like the hulk thor . i am not a big fan of the avengers
truth: yes la la land is great you should watch it
prediction: yeah i have not seen it
truth: its hard to imagine meeting someone for the first time as they are UNK a body
prediction: i cant remember he was his friend of his girlfriend
truth: really ? that is interesting to know
prediction: i did not know that
truth: yes i agree with you what is your name
prediction: i like iron man
truth: metacritics is 93 100
prediction: i have not
truth: such a great movie !
prediction: i have not seen it before
truth: oh . i have not heard about this one yet . would you be so kind to tell me more ?
prediction: i think i ve seen it .
truth: i thought the inclusivity message in zootopia was the most thought provoking aspect of the film . what about you ?
prediction: yes
truth: oh so they were enemies before the boy injured him ?
prediction: i would not say that . i would not see it if i am not sure how much UNK told
truth: i bet woody really did feel left out when buzz got all the attention
prediction: that is a very true story
truth: yes indeed
prediction: yes i remember the scene where he starts to his car and he goes to help it out
truth: is rotten tomatoes a good site to trust ? does it accurately portray movies ?
prediction: i think that the movie was just the same time
truth: i know but they somehow did . it was an incredible and wonderfully made animated movie
prediction: i think that is a lot of action but it s a good movie for sure .
truth: it has rhodey rhodes who you might know as war machine
prediction: it is a recent movie that has a lot of book to you if they are going to make the movies
truth: catch me if you can
prediction: i like the movie
truth: oh that sure is a good rating . when did it come out ?
prediction: yes
truth: could i watch it with my family ?
prediction: that is crazy .
truth: i thought those were his siblings
prediction: yes he is a UNK home alone .
truth: yes
prediction: i like the movie of dunkirk
truth: i am not sure there are a l ot of knock your socks off action sequences though and its got keanu reeves in it
prediction: it has a lot of action but should be good as the main characters .
truth: i thought this is about home alone only
prediction: i have not seen that movie
truth: i love him . he s really great in this movie .
prediction: yes he was great in it .
truth: can you tell me what it is about ?
prediction: interesting . what is it about ?
truth: you wanted to tell me about a movie last time out
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: not a fan of country
prediction: i think the movie only got to be good to see
truth: interesting . is it kid friendly ?
prediction: is there any other movies with any other actors in the movie ?
truth: me either
prediction: i think it s been
truth: yes all historical dramas have to add something to make a story more dramatic
prediction: i agree . i wonder why the rating on rotten tomatoes and imdb .
truth: it got really high ratings
prediction: i think it s a long time ago movie i think it would have been that for a while
truth: would this be a good movie for young kids ? would parents enjoy watching it too ?
prediction: oh wow . i should watch it again . i should mention jason segal in the movies !
truth: but you can get really crazy if you have the liberty of a dream
prediction: the guy are not so much anymore
truth: it does have music by pharrell on the soundtrack
prediction: yes
truth: ha ! that would be so much fun to do !
prediction: i agree ! i think that it is a very good movie . i also enjoy the casting of the movie that she has been out .
truth: i do not know him either . i do not think i ve heard his name before .
prediction: i do not think i have seen any movie
truth: the animation
prediction: i am not sure
truth: what do you like about it ?
prediction: what about the cast ?
truth: no i have not seen batman begins .
prediction: no not
truth: do not you think the story was a little far fetched ?
prediction: i did not like the movie of the same time .
truth: i thought ben affleck was an ok batman
prediction: i have not seen any of it .
truth: no not really .
prediction: hello
truth: its all good its an anytime of the year movie
prediction: it was not a kid movie
truth: slipping into a passionate jazz improvisation despite the warning to play christmas songs i love it !
prediction: do you generally watch movies in the document ratings are critically on the awards ?
truth: i thought it was comical that even though she was valedictorian of the academy the chief gave her parking duty just because he thought she was a timid rabbit
prediction: i think she was really good in the role of the movie
truth: that is a little UNK tho
prediction: i think so too . i think they could make lot more fun of his movies
truth: yeah the document changed but its on the same movie
prediction: i agree . i think the whole concept was awesome to catch the whole thing .
truth: i do not recommend justice league
prediction: i like the most scene where he is a real of con artists
truth: jason UNK as vector
prediction: oh yeah that is why .
truth: yes i would highly recommend this to others if they enjoy the superhero genre
prediction: yes i agree with my kids
truth: sorry intersting story
prediction: yes
truth: i like him too . and jason segel plays his archenemy vector . i love segel .
prediction: i think the movie is a catchy movie . i think it s a very cute movie .
truth: yes it is about about a fearless princess who sets off on a journey to find her estranged sister whose icy powers trapped their kingdom in an eternal winter
prediction: it s been a while since i ve seen it
truth: theres a women custodian that does not have the ability to speak and she falls in love with the UNK creature
prediction: the main character is a very string character and a cleaner for shark to hunt on the beach
truth: the post ?
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: no i ve never seen it . however it sounds like it only did okay at the box office . not one of the biggest hits of spielberg s .
prediction: i have not seen it either but i have not seen it .
truth: i am good ! how about you ?
prediction: good thanks
truth: yes i really enjoy comedies . it is one of my favorite genres .
prediction: hi
truth: do you know how long the movie is ?
prediction: i am not sure if i would watch it again .
truth: dakota goyo what a revelation his or her performance was !
prediction: yes i would say the movie and the story line is a great director
truth: wow two of my favorites !
prediction: that is a good movie . what was the plot ?
truth: yeah
prediction: yeah i think this was a good movie for a long time ago
truth: somewhat yes . you said that you like horror how about biopics ?
prediction: it s not a major spielberg film .
truth: i liked his character he UNK well versus gru .
prediction: yes it was a good movie to watch due to the whole UNK .
truth: palace of ice created by elsa is super
prediction: yes
truth: it looks more like a true story about all those wars then
prediction: i love that ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
truth: this was the first marvel movie of their larger storyline .
prediction: i agree . i do not think i have to watch it . i like him .
truth: they almost seem impossible for one child to put together himself
prediction: i like all the burglars .
truth: the whole breaking into people dreams concept is wild .
prediction: i like the plot too . i think i have not seen this movie but it was not sure that it got down .
truth: is there a lot of action in the movie or is it more drama
prediction: that is good to know how interesting to do . i think the movie is good . do you think you will watch a movie to the movie ?
truth: i love jim carrey !
prediction: i do not think i have to check it out .
truth: yes correct a movie with less UNK more war scenes and too much action
prediction: i think it s a classic movie that is the first time ever to watch ?
truth: hello ?
prediction: i love it !
truth: the social network . have you ever seen it before ?
prediction: i ve seen it . what is it about ?
truth: i always believed my toys had feeling when i was a kid . i wish i could have seen it at that age .
prediction: i agree
truth: oh so it s a teen movie ?
prediction: is it a happy movie ?
truth: ben affleck does a good job at playing batman as well
prediction: so it s a b movie ?
truth: ohhhh very interesting
prediction: that sounds a good .
truth: nice nice . do you know the time period the movie takes place ?
prediction: i think that is a low rating
truth: yes he did an excellent job portraying the character .
prediction: i like gru s voice . i think the movie is funny that they had to make together for their movies .
truth: yeah i hear christopher nolan is a great director
prediction: yeah it s a great movie
truth: me too . i always forget this is a john hughes movie !
prediction: i think it s a pretty funny movie
truth: is it worth watching
prediction: i really like christmas movies .
truth: yup it is
prediction: i like animation movies
truth: oh it did ? it must be pretty good then .
prediction: did you like the movie ?
truth: the post
prediction: the wolf of wall street
truth: i did not
prediction: i did not know keanu reeves was it
truth: how are you ?
prediction: have you seen this movie ?
truth: have you seen wolf of wallstreet
prediction: how are you ?
truth: good morning have you gotten a chance to see monster s university yet ?
prediction: hello
truth: i think he was cobb . but i can not be 100 certain on that .
prediction: i like the idea of the matrix .
truth: well saying the physics arent UNK is saying it will never happen as humans cant change the UNK of physics
prediction: yeah i think i thin UNK UNK
truth: oh for sure !
prediction: yes i think it was a little scary .
truth: mike
prediction: it s a dark on rotten tomatoes and metacritic on cinemascore
truth: yeah that could be lol . i never realized this was based on a book . might need to read that since the books are always better .
prediction: i am not familiar with the whole subject of the movie but i am sure i do not think i would have to see the movie .
truth: is this based on a true story ?
prediction: i do not think i would like any awards lol
truth: i guess name sounded funny
prediction: lol
truth: but ratings found it to be all over the place not enough action throughout
prediction: i like christmas and sense .
truth: have not gone to movies in a while .
prediction: i have . i thought it was pretty good .
truth: it is such a good movie
prediction: yes i like the movie
truth: which one of the cast was your favorite superhero ?
prediction: i agree . i like tony stark as iron man . i like tony stark who played the main character ?
truth: i did not but i heard plenty about it .
prediction: i think they were not really good .
truth: how are you doing ?
prediction: have you seen this movie ?
truth: hey there !
prediction: hello !
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: me too .
prediction: what is the plot of the movie ?
truth: gwyneth paltrow jeff bridges and terrance howard
prediction: he was a good one .
truth: i do not know who she played . i see amy adams as lois lane though she was good portraying her character .
prediction: i think superman played a good role .
truth: if your a jim carey fan . . . you should definately check it out
prediction: i like the concept of bruce nolan
truth: rotten tomatoes 92 and average reviews where around 8 . 6 10
prediction: i am not sure i dont watch thrillers but it was on the time .
truth: yeah ! i did not know that it was inspired by hans christian andersen s story the snow queen . that is cool .
prediction: i like that it s a musical that it has to come to life and her parent lives to the title .
truth: good question . . . . justin timberlake jesse eisenberg and some others you probably have never heard of
prediction: it is an animated movie . it has tom hanks and rachel mcadams .
truth: the songs were the best part for sure i just did not enjoy the characters or their personalities
prediction: i think it s a one of my favorites . i wonder if it s got a good movie with it on rotten tomatoes
truth: seems strange to me . . . who is in it ?
prediction: i am not sure about that but it has a 92 percent on rotten tomatoes and average percent
truth: no .
prediction: no i have not
truth: never know what you will like so i think i ll give it a chance .
prediction: well i am not sure about that but it was a great movie .
truth: is a kids movie
prediction: that is a great movie for a comedy too .
truth: it s UNK
prediction: yes
truth: how are you doing ?
prediction: what is the movie ?
truth: UNK how are you
prediction: hi !
truth: ho did you watch this movie ?
prediction: hi
truth: i agree the actors have a lot of great chemistry . amy adams and christopher walken are great in it too .
prediction: i think i will try to see it .
truth: the father rushes both of them to a UNK for healing
prediction: it really is
truth: the one when sebastian feels UNK to sign a contract as a UNK because he heard UNK speak to her mother about how he was working on his career
prediction: that sounds like a good movie
truth: hmmm the genre is black comedy
prediction: i do like how he does that he is a small actor
truth: that he was . i felt as though he was the tony i have always read about . the villain had me sitting on the edge of my seat .
prediction: i agree that you think the movie was great . i think the villain was very interesting .
truth: okay how about the rest of the actors ?
prediction: i have not seen the movie and i have a few brilliantly in the role .
truth: i understand the critical responses were UNK but i do not think frozen was better than the classics
prediction: i agree . i was enough by the original story
truth: its sucks we both are not going to get any reward
prediction: oh yeah
truth: i am also curious to see if you think there will be a lot of action in the movie ?
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: i guess i liked all the scenes with gru in it . he was my favourite character including the minions . who was your favourite character ?
prediction: i like the idea of the movie
truth: it is animation but instead of featuring a superhero it is from the UNK of a supervillian . it s geared to kids but also amusing for adults
prediction: it is a superhero movie that is the first one that is a movie that is a very good movie
truth: maybe it s his use of extensive special effects and shooting it on film .
prediction: i agree . i think he is a good actor in it .
truth: cool
prediction: oh kevin s home alone
truth: UNK i want to say .
prediction: yes i have seen it .
truth: gal gadot did a wonderful job as wonder woman . her casting was great .
prediction: good .
truth: i am good thank you i am sorry i am trying to UNK my page because nothing is showing on my screen
prediction: i am doing well thanks
truth: oh wow did she die ?
prediction: yes i do not think they are making that one
truth: do you like movies with high ratings or do you prefer finding hidden UNK ?
prediction: i am not sure about that but it is about a princess with the stock market and UNK to the new york times
truth: the story sounds really good
prediction: i do not think i have either .
truth: yes ! exactly and the fact that it did so well is also amazing
prediction: what do you think of the plot ?
truth: that is a good question .
prediction: i think that is fair .
truth: i thought i knew a lot about the pentagon papers before but i never knew how intense it must have been for the journalists that discovered them .
prediction: i liked how they told the movie around how they are their own in it
truth: oh wow ! i completely forgot jennifer aniston was in it
prediction: i dont think so .
truth: no
prediction: i do not think i ve seen it
truth: i agree it s not a blockbuster film but it s very watchable
prediction: i thought he was great in he s one of my favorite actors .
truth: what about the director ?
prediction: oh cool .
truth: i know right ?
prediction: i love high movies !
truth: oh nice ! do you know what the movie rated ?
prediction: i think i have a document in it .
truth: yes it is a musical romatic comedy ! it has the best off all the things that make you feel good ! romance and comedy .
prediction: that is a great movie . it s about a world and a con artist for legend . it takes place in los angeles .
truth: but i suppose this about the 1st avengers . yes this one was good
prediction: i liked it too
truth: its a really great movie . . .
prediction: it s about a reporter who is played by jim carrey
truth: i love sci fi fantasy romance movies do you ?
prediction: have you seen the movie the blind side ?
truth: how cute . i thought it was only minions . was sandra a minion ?
prediction: i think the cast is the best . i think a lot of shrink .
truth: which is also why their newest movie the justice league UNK in reviews as well .
prediction: i agree .
truth: yeah it has a rotten tomatoes score of 92 and metacritic score of 93 which are impressive
prediction: i guess it was a long time ago .
truth: you keep talking about robots
prediction: is it a comedy ?
truth: hulk isnt my favorite but he does belong just as much as the rest
prediction: role in this one was very funny in this movie
truth: it was cool . the other really manipulated loki well to get that .
prediction: the way he was not by showing . he s one of my favorite actors .
truth: sounds like an action flick !
prediction: i like this movie that is a comedy
truth: that even after he got caught by the f . b . i they hired him since he was so good
prediction: i am not sure about that . i am not sure about the best part of the movie
truth: probably just because i have 2 little girls so i end up watching more than my share of animated films .
prediction: i do not know much about that .
truth: made me want a UNK gun haha
prediction: i think they are pretty good .
truth: makes me feel old !
prediction: that is good .
truth: gosh i think actors that we do not know bc heck it was the late 70s lol
prediction: i agree
truth: oh wonder woman .
prediction: no i have not .
truth: i am good
prediction: i have seen the movie .
truth: scarlett johansson mmm i like
prediction: i think robert downey was great !
truth: i like that batman is a fictional superhero UNK in american comic books published by dc comics .
prediction: yes i did
truth: what is buzz
prediction: yeah about the two as tim allen
truth: i need to watch it again my kids are a little young to see it though since it s so gruesome .
prediction: i think the movie was the best disney in the movie . . .
truth: yeah this one is also talking about the avengers and i guess i am supposed to be convincing you to watch it . idk
prediction: i am not sure . i do not really know how much you are not watching it .
truth: also how he sticks up for his adopted family
prediction: i do not think i would like to see it
truth: totally ! that scene had some much action !
prediction: i agree . i thought he was the only actor i did not like the movie .
truth: that is awesome
prediction: oh that is a good rating
truth: i think she was great i really like her . i never would have imagined the love story that occurs .
prediction: yes i did not know that .
truth: he cracked me up in the steve madden scene .
prediction: i did not . was a lot of the characters in the movie ?
truth: i think it was a really good movie . . . i would say 89 is a pretty good score and i would rate it similarly
prediction: i think the critics were the best animated musical to be the first time in the theater
truth: its a true story about jordan belfort
prediction: it s a black comedy in 2013
truth: which one ?
prediction: yes i have
truth: yes . this movie is about superhero .
prediction: no i have not .
truth: home alone
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: yep .
prediction: hi !
truth: hi friend
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: i like how it continues with the characters with the man of steel movie . amy adams as lois lane and lawrence fishburne and diane lane as martha kent .
prediction: i like the movie . i wonder if you like grown men of the movie ?
truth: nice !
prediction: i agree .
truth: ha the dr did help with the entire plot of the movie
prediction: i like the iron man
truth: wow ! is it funny ay all ?
prediction: it is well on rotten tomatoes and 65 100 on cinemascore
truth: i usually like movies with lots of action so this would be kind of a change of pace for me but worth checking out .
prediction: i do not like the critics that are the last thrillers and storyline .
truth: i know i think i struggle to believe the guy from kevin smith movies could be this super hero . however i love kevin smith
prediction: yea he was a really good actor .
truth: this movie is about the story of princess diana who has ultimate power on this move what do you think about
prediction: i like the idea of the wonder woman and the avengers that the bad guys were trapped
truth: thats why she left home
prediction: yes
truth: it seems to be about a retreat from german troops in france . allied troops are in dunkirk trying to evacuate
prediction: yes
truth: it got a 89 rating
prediction: i have seen it on rotten tomatoes
truth: yes the cgi was quite good for its time
prediction: i like him
truth: for a debut film from a production company they really knocked it out of the park
prediction: i did not realize he was a good character .
truth: yes it looks like it got good ratings all the way around
prediction: i have seen it
truth: oh yeah . can you tell me what it is about ?
prediction: yes i have seen the movie . i love the voice of actors .
truth: i do not think so ! tell me about it !
prediction: no i have not .
truth: yes i have . i liked the main character judy hopps . she was a cool rabbit . did you like her ?
prediction: no i have not seen it . i have not seen it .
truth: i do not know that .
prediction: do you know how long the movie is ?
truth: and for middle aged to elderly would they like it ?
prediction: i like the iron man .
truth: exactly ! i agree . children animated movies have really evolved over the years .
prediction: i think the theme was well done .
truth: it is called amity island . they are having a beach party there at the beginning of the movie
prediction: i do not know
truth: he uses his talents to live despite a shrapnel shards close to his heart
prediction: yes it was great .
truth: no i wasn t . it never interested me until the film portrayed it as some UNK UNK
prediction: yes it was a good story movie to watch with and innocent
truth: i know and it s still so timeless . definitely worthy of a ratings
prediction: yes it s a 3d animation studio
truth: i like the hulk UNK the alien UNK .
prediction: i waiting to see the movie . i am waiting to seeing the movie to this .
truth: do not know
prediction: the movie is based on the marvel comics character of the same name .
truth: i do not want to watch some high paid hollywood actor UNK people
prediction: yes i like him too .
truth: yeah i thought she gave an incredible performance . i also really like the character s . j .
prediction: i thought it was very good . i thought he was very good in it .
truth: he s good in everything . what do you think of the story line ?
prediction: i love it ! ! ! !
truth: oh i like joe pesci a lot . . what type of movie is it
prediction: what year did it come out ?
truth: he is great . do you know his movie catch me if you can ?
prediction: i think he s great . he s great to catch me a bit .
truth: oh nice whats that about ?
prediction: oh it s a movie that came out in 2002
truth: hi there
prediction: hello
truth: agreed ! although i was surprised that he turned on tony to overtake the company !
prediction: i agree with the rotten tomatoes rating of 100 . that is a great .
truth: that is good then .
prediction: i think they are making good movies
truth: i believe you .
prediction: i like to watch it .
truth: thanos is bad to the UNK
prediction: lol
truth: the film got good critical responses
prediction: i would say that is a lot .
truth: sounds very cool
prediction: that is crazy present day or does it take very friendly ?
truth: ill try not to
prediction: i do not remember how it is about a mute custodian who is a woman who leaves the human government
truth: people are trying to figure it out
prediction: i like the scenes of the movie and the actors are that
truth: it was really amazing how they did the animation
prediction: i agree . i thought that was a good movie for sure
truth: strangely enough yes ! sally hawkins falls in love with i guess you could say mermaid or merman ?
prediction: i see it was great .
truth: yes
prediction: i like that
truth: yes i have seen it
prediction: i have seen it .
truth: the critics gave it a 7 . 7 out of 10
prediction: who is in it ?
truth: yeah
prediction: i like that it was a great movie
truth: good movie i think everyone knows the lyrics to the songs .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: hello are you into musicals ?
prediction: hello
truth: not sure
prediction: i do not like the story but it has a good rating
truth: was ok
prediction: i would not watch that it was a superhero movie so i would rate it .
truth: that is true life does not happen that way
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: yeah and it also was a popular book
prediction: yeah i remember him .
truth: what will happen is new paragraphs will appear when we ve talked enough about this one . . .
prediction: i have not seen it . i am a big fan of leonardo dicaprio and the rivalry that are it socially
truth: never heard of him .
prediction: i like the funny too .
truth: who played dr . nefario ?
prediction: what did you think about the movie ?
truth: i had a hard time reconciling kristen bell s voice with what i knew about her then . she really can sing !
prediction: i think the movie was great ! i felt a hard choice to see it since she does .
truth: its a good one you ll love it
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: i thought it was amazing one of leonardo s best performances in my opinion
prediction: i have not seen that one either .
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: good things about you ?
truth: no i havent
prediction: yes i have . i thought the movie is great . have you seen it ?
truth: i felt the movie was interesting
prediction: the movie is not very high
truth: yes i have seen the movie . did you like it ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: hey there .
prediction: hello
truth: hi we are talking about the movie frozen .
prediction: hello
truth: i did not notice that it really makes the story stand out more when you know they are based off of actual events
prediction: i think i will have to watch it a 9 . 1 10 though .
truth: leonardo dicaprio
prediction: the characters are dull of the top .
truth: what is the runtime ?
prediction: that sounds good . what is the plot of the movie ?
truth: i am more of a horror fan but it does sound very interesting . so you are familiar with turing ?
prediction: me too . i wonder if it s a true story that the movie got a 48 on turing ?
truth: i don no plz tell about the actor s details
prediction: yes that is a high amount of the film
truth: i plan to when i get a chance
prediction: what is it rated ?
truth: but you are not explaining why you liked it for ? they want more specifics ok
prediction: i like the way he made the movie
truth: i think joseph gordon levitt was much more memorable and nicer dressed in my opinion .
prediction: yeah it was not a while to his name . he s a good guy in the movie
truth: yes the restaurant scene is amazing
prediction: i really like the movie .
truth: its the topic of discussion but it is my favorite next to christmas story
prediction: i have not seen the topic one .
truth: frozen is an animated movie .
prediction: frozen
truth: is that the facebook movie ?
prediction: i have not
truth: ya the graphics they use UNK
prediction: i like the character .
truth: hmm never seen it
prediction: it s got roy scheider in the movie of the dc universe by chris columbus .
truth: thank you
prediction: i am a fan of morten tyldum
truth: did you like it ?
prediction: ok
truth: that is okay !
prediction: i like movies with a lot of action movies .
truth: yes tony starks inherited his business from his dad . after UNK a new missile he is wounded and captured by the enemy .
prediction: i like to see .
truth: sounds like a dark triller to me
prediction: do you know who the director is it in the movie
truth: what do i think about ? i think you got cut off
prediction: i have not heard of it before quality but i am a big fan of the cast
truth: actually what i enjoyed most was benedict cumberbatch s performance . he was excellent !
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: he does have a sad story about his up bringing though
prediction: i have seen it but i would have been a bit harsh in my mind .
truth: the main character uses experimental military tech to infiltrate the subconscious
prediction: it s about a mute cleaner who works of the plastics and he s a good and from the setting
truth: heh the scene in which nick takes judy to the dmv
prediction: what did you think of the movie ?
truth: wonder women or justice league with a 76 ?
prediction: yes
truth: it came out 27 years ago .
prediction: no it s not old .
truth: yeah .
prediction: it was directed by christopher nolan
truth: the movie today is the blind side . this movie was out in 2009 and includes sandra bullock
prediction: i am good .
truth: keanu reeves is the main character and he used to be a hitman but was retired with a wife whom died .
prediction: it s a historical drama and not action packed .
truth: oh yeah ryan gosling is a great actor
prediction: i know it s a classic movie .
truth: yes i have seen it . it looks pretty good scoring fairly high on rotten tomatoes
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: yes i just finished reading it
prediction: i am good thanks . i am good thanks for asking .
truth: yes . it s funny and gru is not your typical supervillain .
prediction: yes it is a funny movie .
truth: neat . what time period ?
prediction: it is a very entertaining movie .
truth: yeah there s a cool scene where the guys that steal john s car get thrown out of the shop when they try to change the vin
prediction: is it a violent movie ?
truth: leonardo ! it s funny that i ve never heard about this movie . then it was published ?
prediction: margot robbie is a good cast
truth: no idea . how about you ? it has good ratings . . .
prediction: i like action comedies
truth: he was a news reporter who went kind of nuts because another reporter got the stories he wanted .
prediction: i think it is a comedy based on the us carrey and morgan freeman is god for connelly .
truth: yes it has more than sports to grab a viewer s interest .
prediction: i like sports movies .
truth: did you like that her parents were UNK ?
prediction: i think it was pretty good .
truth: it may not be for the UNK of heart but its really not bad
prediction: i like it
truth: yes i tend to like biographical movies they usually provide a fascinating look into the life of the subject in the movie .
prediction: i do like action movies especially a lot of them and i like them .
truth: have you seen him in the wolf of wall street ?
prediction: i have not seen that !
truth: let me try to load my other browser see if this helps or if i can connect back to you
prediction: oh cool
truth: have you UNK the blind side ?
prediction: i have not
truth: it sounds interesting
prediction: wow . . .
truth: captain perfect roll
prediction: i like the character hulk iron man captain america the character and is awesome too bad the character character is awesome .
truth: how are you
prediction: do you like movies in this genre ?
truth: do you have a favorite movie ?
prediction: you would think it s more of a fantasy .
truth: what would you rate this movie ?
prediction: i agree .
truth: how long is the movie ?
prediction: yes it is a whether movie you should have a chance it has a comedy of the audience of the same title .
truth: they UNK the road to animation imo
prediction: yes he is the perfect that .
truth: yes . i think marvel movies are good have good storylines and characters ?
prediction: i think the movie was the best marvel comics . i thought he was the perfect to marvel the world .
truth: it s more of a biographic crime
prediction: it is a comedy animation
truth: no argument there hahaha
prediction: i think it is a great film
truth: that sounds interesting ! this already sounds like my type of movie !
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: in a world of anthropomorphic animals a bunny named judy becomes a police officer and encounters discrimination because she s a bunny .
prediction: it is a thriller
truth: mm going to face summer season
prediction: i am interested in the cast .
truth: i am glad you did . i love all the voices that billy crystal can do !
prediction: yes i love movies
truth: idk what movie is it ?
prediction: i saw it was a good movie .
truth: it was ok a little too sappy for my taste though
prediction: oh i really enjoyed it .
truth: the movie is the wolf of wall street
prediction: have you seen the movie the social network ?
truth: whats up
prediction: hi
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: when mike run away from they and went back to look for his mother i cried in that part
prediction: yes .
truth: fantasy movie is my favorite .
prediction: i like fantasy movies . . . my favorite character is the main character . . . that is cool .
truth: it s from 2014 so somewhat new .
prediction: it s a comedy that has not bogged in the document and the title of the world .
truth: true it certainly did not give him much hope at all
prediction: i think i heard that the movie is set in the movie i wonder if it would be more like a few drama .
truth: yeah it did get really good reviews huh ? i know it s about the founder of facebook and the things he did to get there . good and bad
prediction: i can not really see how much it has based on a book of facebook .
truth: their parents rush the girl s to see trolls that UNK anna . after anna is UNK elsa suppresses her powers and does not learn how to use them .
prediction: i do not really animated movie .
truth: in previous UNK of this task only one person was seeing the document i guess something changed
prediction: how interact was the movie ?
truth: ok bro
prediction: ya . . . . .
truth: i am . wish it stuck more to the actual story of turing cause it is really fascinating .
prediction: i think it would be a good movie but i would say it s from a matter
truth: i want to see this soon too . is batman part of the same series
prediction: oh that is true .
truth: who is it directed by ?
prediction: it s a great movie .
truth: have you personally watched the movie ?
prediction: that is true
truth: yes he is an amazing actor . did you know that catch me if you can got and 96 on rotten tomatoes ? that is amazing !
prediction: i like the movie that it was very entertaining and i think they would have to be better . what about you ?
truth: i did . i thought it was funny and simple . nothing complicated to process . did you enjoy the film ?
prediction: i did not know that . i did not really see the movie though .
truth: i agree . it only received 27 rotten tomatoes .
prediction: yes it does . it has a rotten tomato score of a
truth: despicable me
prediction: hello
truth: gastsby affair with daisy
prediction: i like the idea of the movie
truth: that is why she did not have friends
prediction: i think he did . he was a good actor in this
truth: yes he is the football player that went on to play for the nfl . specifically the baltimore ravens
prediction: i think the football was not too
truth: she is a aspiting actress in this film . they are both pursuing their dreams .
prediction: i think he would get up to the underplayed and he falls the jazz and he has taken to try to try the world .
truth: i do not think so
prediction: get to you with a little
truth: i dont know
prediction: i think he s a good actor in this movie
truth: yes and i know we should be talking about it . i love slinky hes so cute i love UNK
prediction: i would not have to see that movie .
truth: its a german general named erich ludendorff he is played by danny huston
prediction: what is the name of the main character ?
truth: yes super .
prediction: yes it was released in 2013 .
truth: tim allen as buzz lightyear a space ranger action figure and woody s rival who later becomes his best friend .
prediction: i think it was a great movie for both children as well .
truth: okay
prediction: it was directed in the movie a lot of people .
truth: it s a good story
prediction: i like the whole cast of shadows
truth: sounds interesting would you say the movie is more of a comedy or serious ?
prediction: is it a movie ?
truth: how are you ?
prediction: i am good . thanks for asking .
truth: yes
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: it has leo dicaprio .
prediction: i have not seen that movie .
truth: a lot of people would be surprised to learn that the documents dated all the way back to the truman administration !
prediction: i agree . i love robert downey jr . he is really great in the film of the post
truth: is it still in theaters now ?
prediction: that sounds cool !
truth: since it is disney film it would definitely be good for kids but it s considered a comedy adventure action movie so adults like it too .
prediction: it is a very good animated musical in the movie .
truth: i like that the main character is female and the creature she UNK is the male . it seems like it might more UNK be the other way around .
prediction: do you generally watch movies with good ratings ?
truth: when you watch the movie not the scene which is set in present day paris
prediction: it s based on a novel of the same name . it s a thriller of diana .
truth: yes i am basically it is the question if a computer can UNK perfectly a human how would you be able to tell the difference ?
prediction: i do not think i ve heard of that genre but i do like most that .
truth: protagonist
prediction: it s a comedy about a princess named between angelina jolie and the kingdom government lab and they all the other music
truth: it really sounds like a fun flick . is it an all female main cast ?
prediction: what the movie is about a man eating shark attacking
truth: me either but this one is ok
prediction: i dont remember the name
truth: would not it be crazy if there really was military technology to infiltrate the subconscious mind ?
prediction: definitely .
truth: yeah it s a pixar studio from 2013
prediction: i think it is about monsters university s mom
truth: iron man
prediction: yeah i can not believe i would have to watch it
truth: yeah the movie
prediction: yes i have not seen it
truth: what is the movie discussion about ?
prediction: i have not seen it but i do not think i have a document of the genre .
truth: yes i love them !
prediction: yes i am a fan of animated movies .
truth: iron man
prediction: im doing a great movie
truth: who directed it ?
prediction: i like leonardo dicaprio and i like the actors . i like the movie and i like leonardo dicaprio
truth: good to know lol .
prediction: i like dc comics !
truth: how does she react ?
prediction: is it based on a true story ?
truth: i thought so too
prediction: i did not know that either for the original life of the movie of the same name of the pentagon papers
truth: yes it is i believe my fellow new UNK are crazy as depicted in this movie
prediction: i think i would like to see the movie is a true story but it is still black
truth: i think the movie is a thriller
prediction: i like the scenes
truth: jesse eisenberg andrew garfield justin timberlake etc .
prediction: it has a cinemascore of a
truth: yeah i was surprised by that too . the metacritic score was not much higher 63 100 .
prediction: i think that it was a very entertaining movie .
truth: not necessarily like it but i just think the rating says otherwise
prediction: i do not think i ve seen any other things movies but i like ryan gosling in a lot of action
truth: right ? and steve trevor was hilarious in the film .
prediction: i think that the movie was a great move to see it as well .
truth: i thought it was a love story because of UNK hill . what is it about ?
prediction: i do not know what is that rating ?
truth: yes i did i like the character of heroin in a movie
prediction: i did not know that but i did not know that it was a long time ago
truth: i think so too
prediction: i think it was a little better for the part of the movie . i think it was a good part of the best .
truth: yes it has good reviews on rotten tomatoes
prediction: it s a great movie ! it s a very good movie ! do you like leonardo dicaprio in it ?
truth: yes she was elsa s younger sister
prediction: i agree !
truth: good evening !
prediction: hello
truth: UNK UNK is the future moreso than a man in a suit that flys .
prediction: i like iron man . i have no idea the other actors on the recent UNK
truth: oh wow sounds exciting !
prediction: more of facebook is not that facebook ?
truth: definitely . the UNK for the fight scene and the setting makes it amazing
prediction: yeah i would definitely watch it again
truth: i saw an interview with hanks where he said that the box was the star of the film . when the papers were brought in it took over
prediction: i think i ve seen it
truth: what parts did you not really want to see
prediction: i like super movies
truth: its been a long time since i seen it
prediction: i think so
truth: yeah i mean when i watched it i did not have any expectations
prediction: i think so .
truth: the script is funny
prediction: i like the actors
truth: why are you talking about fighting robots
prediction: i guess that is what i guess
truth: true . 62 is way too low for this film .
prediction: i think it was a movie that made a movie that came out in 1995
truth: he does tend to dive into his roles
prediction: i liked the scene of the scene where he was a good guy .
truth: yes the great
prediction: it stars hugh jackman
truth: but i like batman movie .
prediction: i like batman movies
truth: it has 92 rotten tomatoes
prediction: i like the movie it received a 98 on rotten tomatoes and a cinema score of a which is pretty good
truth: doing well
prediction: i am doing fine
truth: cool what is it about ? i want to know if i will like to see it .
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: i love drama romance movie more
prediction: ya
truth: how long is the movies run time ?
prediction: robert downey jr
truth: fine it plays a great role in the movie
prediction: it s about a shark that is a con artist .
truth: can it be rented ?
prediction: it was directed by jon favreau .
truth: lindsay s character starts by trying to fit with the plastics but then she plans revenge on them .
prediction: it s a positive character .
truth: oops ! ! in that scene i really feel scared about it .
prediction: oh wow . . .
truth: i am not really sure how much it made i know it was well received critically .
prediction: was it made in 2011 or something ?
truth: im glad rotten tomatoes is able to give a reasonable rating
prediction: i like the iron man movie . like the iron man of the iron man .
truth: whats the movie about ?
prediction: i am not sure what it was .
truth: is based of a true story so is a autobiographical movie
prediction: it s about a wall street who is trying to evacuate the criminal to be god for a week
truth: cool
prediction: oh that is good
truth: yeah was thinking europe for sure . harry styles as alex is quite interesting though
prediction: i agree . that is true . i wonder if there will be a sequal that might make that not much .
truth: great you ?
prediction: great !
truth: have you seen the move war ?
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: hi ! have you seen the social network ?
prediction: hello
truth: that is a long time
prediction: i am not surprised about that ! i am not a fan of the cast .
truth: they are not making one just wanted to know your thoughts about it
prediction: i think i saw it in theatres .
truth: yes
prediction: yes he plays the main character she was a doctor and she starts working
truth: you did not understand t my question ?
prediction: they are bias the two 50 greatest is to lane the kingdom
truth: yea written and produced by UNK nolan
prediction: i am not sure . what is it about ?
truth: agreed
prediction: i think it s great that the people were not down like it was really good in the 70s
truth: that was a good one . i like the batman movies from nolan
prediction: i liked the fact thor !
truth: i thought the fact that dicaprio was in it made it better than that
prediction: yeah . i like that it s not a logical movie i can not remember
truth: did you like angelina jolie s performance ?
prediction: i have not seen that movie but i would have to watch it again . i was a big fan of comedy .
truth: the movie is very well made .
prediction: i love tim allen and also sandra bullock s performance is also in the movie
truth: with tom hanks and meryl streep
prediction: i have not seen it yet
truth: it is very funny . good for a wide range of ages .
prediction: it s a great movie .
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: oh ok i have not seen it .
truth: comdey
prediction: it is a comedy
truth: loved it .
prediction: i thought it was great !
truth: hi
prediction: i have not .
truth: i do not think there is a main one .
prediction: the main character is played by the 1970 who is a con artist creature !
truth: oh yeah . reviews say that it is fast and funny enough to keep younger viewers entertained while others have mentioned it is very smart funny and thought provoking .
prediction: i like the rabbit . he s a great actor .
truth: i also like judy because she was a cute bunny
prediction: i think he was great in the way he was not so much better .
truth: yes absolutely
prediction: indeed
truth: i am glad the critics feel the same way i do
prediction: i like him too .
truth: oh ok . in general i like cristian bale very much .
prediction: i agree . i also have not seen that one .
truth: yeah !
prediction: alright it was a movie that it will have on a comic book
truth: i love how they have tied the iron man into all the movies
prediction: i do not think i do like ike i do not like
truth: i really liked the acting by leonardo dicaprio .
prediction: i thought it was great . i did not even know that he was able to change for the first .
truth: what is your favourite movie
prediction: it has a lot of action with the scenes that you are know from 2001 s comics .
truth: oh yea love the stairs and the paint scene too
prediction: i think it was pretty good
truth: billy crystal is the leading actor
prediction: it is a comedy about a comedy and who directed it
truth: yes the biographic drama about the creation of facebook
prediction: oh ok . what is it about ?
truth: yeah ! i really like batman . he has a deep backstory that i feel the movie really touched on .
prediction: i have not seen it but i have heard of it !
truth: great ! i am supposed to determine if i should watch it ?
prediction: i have never seen the movie before
truth: i loved arrested development .
prediction: yes i am
truth: that is odd . so just the government in general then ?
prediction: i am not sure about that but i am sure it is the sixth movie
truth: when did it come out ?
prediction: i do not think i ve ever seen any other movies that
truth: zootopia ?
prediction: oh that is a pretty good point i thought it was a good movie for animated movie
truth: are you familiar with the turing test ?
prediction: i do not think i ve seen it in the turing
truth: not really but my husband loves them and my son
prediction: i like him too ! i dont know if i would like to see the movie
truth: yes it does seem very exciting .
prediction: it is a black comedy
truth: probably 90 if i was on rotten tomatoes .
prediction: i am not sure
truth: did you like when buzz realized he was a toy ?
prediction: i like joe pesci .
truth: i do not . the movie is directed by christopher nolan was made in 2009 . stars are leonardo dicaprio joseph gordon levitt ellen page and tom hardy
prediction: it s a very funny movie . it s about a football player who is a con man .
truth: i have read about it . it was about the pentagon papers involving the 30 tenure the us had in the vietnam war .
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: he really is . he is way underrated
prediction: i agree . i thought the casting was great . i thought it was a great movie .
truth: i have seen this movie
prediction: i have not seen it yet .
truth: truly . studios know that superhero movies will sell so they do not have to try
prediction: i agree with it but still not even not that the avengers are not so far
truth: not especially anymore it jumped the shark with black panther
prediction: yes i really like the avengers .
truth: hello !
prediction: hello !
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: yeah that a weird name for a movie about a secret lab
prediction: there spies it is a romantic drama
truth: hehe . . know you are making me feel old !
prediction: i think so
truth: do you know the imdb rating ?
prediction: is it based on a true story ?
truth: i find it too obvious
prediction: i just read the original . i am not a fan of big fan .
truth: but this movie get metacritic score only 69 . i dont the reason . why ?
prediction: i am waiting to seeing the info to be through a team .
truth: it came out in 2013
prediction: it s a thriller movie
truth: yes i think that it sounds like something that i would like
prediction: i think he is a great actor .
truth: the pentagon papers such a serious topic as well !
prediction: i agree ! i thought keira knightley was great in it as well .
truth: rachel mcadams for sure . she really pulls of the role nicely
prediction: it s also the one
truth: all crime movies ?
prediction: i have not seen it yet .
truth: is this a love story ?
prediction: i like jonah hill
truth: where are you
prediction: ok
truth: doing ok you ?
prediction: do you like action movies ?
truth: yes i have seen it it was directed by john lee UNK
prediction: i have not but i have not .
truth: oh can you tell me more about it ?
prediction: it is a great movie
truth: despicable me
prediction: hello
truth: as you can see it does give it all away
prediction: i like that it s not that the main thing in the movie
truth: superman will probably win in this one then
prediction: i like that it is a war movie .
truth: guess it all depends on your perspective
prediction: yes
truth: byron howard did a great job directing it
prediction: i think i saw it in theaters .
truth: i like how they have him adopt the girls as well adds something relatable for adopted kiddos
prediction: i think it is a fun that he s pretty crazy
truth: me to thought like that
prediction: what is this movie about ?
truth: it follows the life of a guy who is a con artist
prediction: that sounds interesting . who are the actors in it ?
truth: i like angelina jolie . it was cool to see her portray an antagonist
prediction: i do not think i ve seen the other movies and i like the plot of the movie .
truth: also a snowy UNK which make very UNK
prediction: i liked it a lot of good movies
truth: i think i ve heard about the title
prediction: no i have not
truth: yes the humor from robert is great that is why he is in most of the marvel movies
prediction: i think that is a high rating for it too
truth: oh i would love to see that ! it looks great can you tell me more about it
prediction: i have seen it . i was surprised it did not . it was pretty good though .
truth: no i have not to be honest .
prediction: i have . i thought it was great .
truth: no i have not
prediction: yes
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: hello ! hope you are doing well this morning !
prediction: hello
truth: the directors are very well known and do a great job too .
prediction: i like the movie
truth: i guess but then i really identified with mike and sulley
prediction: yeah
truth: lol getting old
prediction: yes it s a very interesting movie to watch .
truth: he plays the same character every movie i wonder if they act in real life of wall street like UNK did
prediction: i think it should be better than the dark comedy was in it
truth: anything else you liked about the movie ?
prediction: i like main music in that movie !
truth: i think it s interesting that joss UNK was involved in this one .
prediction: i agree . i think a lot of the actresses in the movie .
truth: the avengers has iron man captain america hulk thor UNK johansson as the black widow and jeremy renner as hawkeye . they make up the avengers .
prediction: i have not seen any of marvel movies !
truth: does he have children ?
prediction: i do not know if i ve seen it for a hitman
truth: oh really ? i ve heard he is a great actor .
prediction: it s a fantasy action movie .
truth: it has a score of 92 on rotten tomatoes with an average score of 7 . 6 .
prediction: it was directed by chris pine
truth: i think you are the one with the movie info because i do not have any . . .
prediction: yeah i ve never seen it but i have watched it .
truth: vijay for you
prediction: the movie is called robert downey jr
truth: i would recommend it .
prediction: the movie was the first movie
truth: oh me too . what did you like best about it ?
prediction: yes i have seen good movies ! have you seen this one ?
truth: the post
prediction: yes
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: and they made a lot of money but if that is UNK life of wall street i do not wanna be a part of it .
prediction: i think he was great in this movie he was not he acted which i do not know . . .
truth: true true .
prediction: yes it s amazing for me
truth: what do they oversleep for ?
prediction: okay
truth: what do you think of the dump scam ?
prediction: did you see it before ?
truth: i find that hard to believe but maybe the guy s just a cinema freak with no outside interests .
prediction: dunkirk was ambushed . . .
truth: i know right it sounds very dark haa
prediction: i like that it s a bit about a movie i am not sure what that means either .
truth: does not say .
prediction: it is a war movie about a villain who finds to save her UNK to help them the conflict .
truth: is it complicated and difficult to follow ? or can i sit back and just let it unfold ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: that is ok my task to have a conversation with you about zootopia
prediction: . . . . i am not familiar with how it s based on what we have it on it .
truth: i am male as well . do you suspect already what title we are talking about ? i did not say a name of the movie yet
prediction: i like all of the actors in it .
truth: i watched it too . lots of critics felt the film was UNK .
prediction: it was directed by steven spielberg
truth: i appreciate that there is a little bit of a love story in the movie
prediction: it s a great movie to you that you can see the movie a lot to me .
truth: who directed it ?
prediction: that sounds interesting .
truth: who is he
prediction: oh cool . what is the name of the movie ?
truth: yes i have seen despicable me .
prediction: i am good .
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: same .
prediction: oh that was not even better
truth: bruce almighty .
prediction: it is a very good movie based on the comic book of the same name
truth: i know if only it did especially if you being UNK by your siblings and cousins
prediction: haha yea
truth: i like the introduction of the movie on how we get to see tony stark become iron man where he builds the suit
prediction: i like the way the scene where sebastian in the world .
truth: it came out in 2003 . as god he just deals with a bigger reality and learns to be more loving . the usual story
prediction: he is god for god
truth: oh i see
prediction: i would not like to hear about it .
truth: interesting . i am UNK in that realm of his politics actions
prediction: i can not believe it was a movie .
truth: that sounds like a great movie . any more details ?
prediction: yes
truth: it was captured for governmental experiments
prediction: i can not see how the wild actually was in the water of the wild .
truth: it has pretty good reviews too . it has a 92 percent on rotten tomatoes and a metacritic score of 93 100
prediction: oh nice . what is the movie rated ?
truth: it s about animatronic robots that were built for the film . but it is a real movie . there are characters and it has a compelling plot .
prediction: it is a war movie about two grown boxers and becomes to fight steel
truth: good on you . means u will know how to love and treat and woman right hahaha
prediction: i like that it is a good comedy
truth: i love emma stone !
prediction: ok
truth: one of the greatest teen comedies
prediction: yes
truth: you know chris evans
prediction: yes i like avengers
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: i like dragons
prediction: i think maleficent was a good movie
truth: yeah . . . awesome war movie . . . it would be good to watch in theater . . .
prediction: i like the idea war stuff .
truth: i love ryan UNK very much
prediction: ya . . . .
truth: i also enjoyed kristoff s pet reindeer
prediction: i like that it s a good story
truth: and emma stone is beautiful her role as an actress should come easy for her in this one .
prediction: i agree with jazz ratings
truth: that was the best part .
prediction: i remember when he started when he was left alone .
truth: were the reviews good ?
prediction: oh cool . what year the movie is that you read about ?
truth: what were the negative reviews about the film ?
prediction: no maleficent is maleficent but i am not sure it follows a rating of a
truth: rachel mcadams ? i do not think i know who that is . . .
prediction: oh nice . . . . . . . . . . .
truth: ok good
prediction: ok
truth: hard to go wrong when steve jobs is executive producing
prediction: i think so
truth: wow some of my favorites !
prediction: oh wow that is cool . what is it about ?
truth: im sure as you know in that movie there is a boy named andy who has some toys that happen to interact with each other when andy isnt around
prediction: it s about a boy named named judy who is a con man
truth: sweet ! didn t sandra bullock get an oscar for that role ?
prediction: i love sandra bullock was great in it . she was in it and was amazing in it
truth: alright ! i really do love movies directed by christopher nolan how about you ?
prediction: nice
truth: hi
prediction: hello !
truth: in terms of extra UNK i mean . there has to be some good twists to the narrative
prediction: i see . it sounds like it has a good cast
truth: i am excited now about watching it
prediction: oh wow i like that it s just a true story . i think this is a really good thing .
truth: time machine as in time UNK ? you can not go back in time time is a perception of dynamics .
prediction: yes
truth: really ? i like him a lot . i also liked his performance in shutter island . ha ve you seen that movie ?
prediction: yeah i agree . i liked the scene where the movie had a lot of money on the same .
truth: yes very popular man after titanic
prediction: yes i like leonardo dicaprio
truth: it was released in 2013
prediction: i think it s a dark movie but i think it s a pretty good cast for this one .
truth: grace connelly
prediction: the movie was inspired by a hans christian anderson and the snow queen
truth: definitely a great cast i love christian bale . he is a phenomenal actor who really dives in to the characters he is portraying .
prediction: i think the movie really well on the story of the movie . rotten tomatoes is usually a better .
truth: is there a villain
prediction: i like adventure adventure movies
truth: rotten tomatoes tends to rate movies harshly
prediction: i like the story line .
truth: correct
prediction: yes it is science fiction in the movie
truth: i liked the fox .
prediction: it s a animated movie that has a 98 on rotten tomatoes .
truth: no i have not either .
prediction: yes i have seen it .
truth: have you watched it before ? its a classic
prediction: yes i agree
truth: i have not seen it yet but after reading the summery i may give it a shot
prediction: it s about fighting robots
truth: hello ! me neither this film has many actors who i appreciate in other works .
prediction: i did not realize that was a while ago
truth: silly me . what was the main plot of the movie again ?
prediction: yes i do remember
truth: i have not
prediction: i have seen it several times . i am more by a fan of the key scenes in the movie
truth: yeah especially like him in dan in real life
prediction: it is a good comedy .
truth: look past stereotypes
prediction: i think the theme are more of the theme
truth: i pretty much enjoyed it from beginning to end
prediction: oh that sounds interesting . i like morgan freeman as god .
truth: was gru a villian ?
prediction: he was great in this movie .
truth: alfie allen is also in it and adrianne palicki
prediction: oh i see .
truth: well yeah i think since he was the one putting the missions together he was obviously one with better brains and UNK for that UNK
prediction: yeah it was a good movie to watch .
truth: why was it bad ?
prediction: i usually like super hero movies . what did you think about clark kent ?
truth: yeah she isnt too bad
prediction: oh i do like hot . . . .
truth: i see . would you call it a great movie for business studies ?
prediction: so so i do not have any kids to be able to do or even though .
truth: it s an animated story right ? who are the voices in it ?
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: we all have so much to give and this does inspire so much
prediction: the movie is the first disney movie with great white shark
truth: it was definitely a well thought out movie and the overall concept of the movie was ingenious .
prediction: i have not seen that one . i have a lot of it .
truth: did you think the critical responses listed are accurate to how you felt about the movie ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: i think it was pg .
prediction: it s been 6 years since i was a kid fan of his family but that was a kid friendly movie .
truth: and the whole adoption story with the three girls is very touching !
prediction: i think victor is a really cool character .
truth: the effects sound like they are good does tony have any supporting characters or friends ?
prediction: can you tell me better than the plot ?
truth: i saw wonder women movie . and planned to see the justice league
prediction: did you like wonder woman ?
truth: yes the visuals were amazing clear crisp the colors jumped off the page it seemed !
prediction: i do not think she is good in the role of the movie
truth: oh yeah that sounds like a good movie
prediction: yes
truth: oh nice is this movies a part of a series or is it stand alone ?
prediction: the film received a lot of action movies too much of a and plot too
truth: i dont know
prediction: the main character named nick carraway plays nick carraway as iron man
truth: sure
prediction: when you are my favorite ?
truth: movie sounds interesting
prediction: i think it is one of his best movies ever
truth: ok i like him
prediction: ok
truth: it was high enough for a disney move you know they do not make anything lower than a 70
prediction: i think it would be higher .
truth: i rather liked it . it was not what i was expecting but it was still good .
prediction: i agree . i think it was a classic and i liked it was a bit slow one to read better
truth: yeah . i really liked it as well . i love gal gadot s performance
prediction: i am not sure what i do you like superhero movies ?
truth: leonardo dicaprio
prediction: it s a black comedy movie
truth: hi
prediction: hi
truth: ok it sounds like a good movie . would you recommend it ?
prediction: yes ! i do not recall too example but i do not think they could have any other UNK with it .
truth: yea the movie is based on a book the blind side evolution of a game by michael lewis .
prediction: i do not know that i like the character .
truth: leonardo dicaprio plays the expert scammer
prediction: yes
truth: yeah and i like the fact that nick is the narrator of the movie
prediction: i think it s a very good movie . i think famous and is in charge of his own roles
truth: why do they call it black comedy i wonder ?
prediction: i think i ve heard of that movie
truth: do you know if it is true to the true story or did they change a lot for tv ?
prediction: i have not seen it but i have heard a lot of good things about the movie .
truth: metacritic score 70 100
prediction: i like that it s a very good movie
truth: it s about jim carr ey becoming god
prediction: it s about a news reporter tv reporter and he ends up being a job .
truth: it think marvel comics did a great job casting with robert downey jr . gwyneth paltrow and terrance howard .
prediction: yes i did . i think he was a great actor in this movie .
truth: do you know the name of the movie ?
prediction: that sounds like it has a good plot to watch it
truth: well you know it was directed by zack snyder he has a pretty unique vision . do you like superhero movies ?
prediction: i did not like that either . i see it was not the same time . i did not realize it was the only installment of superhero movies
truth: agreed . gets great rotten tomatoes ratings too .
prediction: yes i think it s a pretty good movie .
truth: yes i would .
prediction: yes i have
truth: doing pretty good thanks . have you ever seen the movie home alone ?
prediction: good to tell me about
truth: want to talk about a movie ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: yeah .
prediction: i think the movie was well done .
truth: perhaps
prediction: he did a really job in the film and the UNK that was a UNK and UNK the film
truth: that is interesting
prediction: so does it have more than justice or more than justice ?
truth: facebook was called the facebook . . it was kind of boring
prediction: oh that is not too .
truth: so it s one of those movies that starts from the end then tells a story in flashback ?
prediction: i agree it s just a comedy about it it s not knowing it s just that it s actually a big money .
truth: wow awesome are we talking about the new avengers infinity war ?
prediction: fantastic
truth: yes his name is jesse eisenberg
prediction: i like the idea of the movie but i am sure it was well done by critics
truth: i heard about it . how were the ratings on that ?
prediction: yeah it s a good movie . i like musical it was a musical movie
truth: no all my children are grown so no worries
prediction: i do not know much about the batman franchise
truth: what is the movie about ?
prediction: i have not seen that one either . what about you ?
truth: leonardo dicaprio plays jay gatsby .
prediction: the name
truth: the depiction of dunkirk s evacuation is a spectacle of its own that it UNK to deliver the most crucial element and that is drama .
prediction: i like that movie . it s a really good movie . i like marvel s ones .
truth: i only have knowledge of this through what i have previously read and seen on tv internet but i have not see t he movie .
prediction: i have not watched it but i have not seen it but i have not seen it but i have not seen it but i have not seen it .
truth: no
prediction: i have not seen this film
truth: john wick
prediction: hi
truth: hey
prediction: hello
truth: she is scared and they end the dream to calm her down .
prediction: i do not know if i have seen it .
truth: he cares so deeply for them truly touching
prediction: i do not know much about that but i do not remember much about that .
truth: pretty touching scene at the end with her also
prediction: i think it s been when it came out in 2016 .
truth: the critics say it is epic in size .
prediction: oh i guess i guess it is a black comedy .
truth: that was a heart breaking UNK
prediction: i think the price was pretty good
truth: true this a somewhat typical scorsese movie
prediction: i agree . i think the story was amazing as jordan belfort .
truth: sree ? ? are you from india ?
prediction: waiting naren up for iron man
truth: i do not remember much it was a long time ago
prediction: i like that particular movie i have seen it
truth: i am prepared .
prediction: yes i have watched it .
truth: it has a cinema score of a though so that is good at least
prediction: i like the whole family . he was a genius filmmaker .
truth: i know right i am surprised it got such low ratings .
prediction: i like it
truth: really ! 100 that is pretty good
prediction: i am not sure
truth: yes i have . it was not the best movie in my opinion .
prediction: no i have not but i have not seen it .
truth: how are you ?
prediction: have you seen the movie catch me if you can ?
truth: hi i am good how are you
prediction: good . what is the name of the movie ?
truth: hi
prediction: hello !
truth: yes . titanic and catch me if you can are the first two that come to mind
prediction: yes i have seen other dicaprio movies movies .
truth: yeah the trolls at the beginning we re a bit strange and the lead princess does not have a prince .
prediction: i like the way he begins the moon and go in the movie but not more UNK people
truth: okay so we have covered everything that the task ask for
prediction: i love the movie
truth: i was wondering the same .
prediction: i would have to admit that i have seen it in the future .
truth: i would see it when there is no children around
prediction: it was a good movie for a different audience ! i think it was a good movie for the fbi of his wife
truth: that sounds pretty funny
prediction: he s crazy
truth: sandra bullock did a great job
prediction: what is your favorite part about it ?
truth: i still like eisenberg then
prediction: i agree . i also love the movie as well .
truth: hmm i like fighting robots i guess . but there are no robots in the wolf of wall street .
prediction: no i have not seen it .
truth: i liked how ryan gosling played sebastian wilder
prediction: i like charactor too .
truth: oh
prediction: i do not know that .
truth: yes i love those types of movies too . did you think it was funny ?
prediction: i thought it was very good . i liked the high way of the movie . i love the way that was really .
truth: that sounds fun ! who is in it ?
prediction: oh nice !
truth: oh mean girls ? it s a great movie . do you like lindsay lohan s role as cady heron ?
prediction: what did you think of it ?
truth: toy story . have you heard of it
prediction: the movie is called the imitation game ?
truth: we should talk about the movie john wick . have you watched it ?
prediction: i am doing fine
truth: what do you think about the key scene where tony stark is captured and medical UNK ts are performed on him .
prediction: i agree . i am not sure how long it is .
truth: buzz the main antagonist at first then he becomes a friend
prediction: the toys are
truth: you ?
prediction: i like him with my coworkers a good movie
truth: leonardo dicaprio margot robbie jonah hill kyle chandler and rob reiner
prediction: i would say
truth: the name lala land sounds funny . . what do u think might have inspired such a UNK name
prediction: i have not seen it yet but it does not have good reviews
truth: the family does not find out until they arrive in paris
prediction: yes . i am not sure about that
truth: oh i do not think i ever saw that one but it does sound familiar
prediction: carrey is a famous actor in this movie
truth: hey
prediction: i like batman begins . . . .
truth: he decrypted german intelligence codes for the british government during the second world war .
prediction: i have not seen it but i have never seen it .
truth: christmas vacation is a UNK time of the year no matter who you are
prediction: i think i would have to look that it came out in 2003 since it s been
truth: oh that one is about christmas time isnt it ? i ve heard of it
prediction: who else is in it ?
truth: the movie with tom hanks and meryl streep about the washington post set in the 70 s ?
prediction: oh ok . i have never heard of him .
truth: i am great thank you
prediction: i am doing well . thanks . how are you ?
truth: i really like the avengers movie .
prediction: yes i have seen this movie . i have not seen a lot of them . have you seen it ?
truth: let me tell you about the movie the post
prediction: the movie is a great movie from the rating of the movie
truth: good how about you ?
prediction: hello !
truth: yes . he was pretty good as a UNK alien magician .
prediction: i agree . i love the part where she was left in the first time .
truth: i also enjoyed jesse eisenberg s performance he played zuckerberg how i had always imagined him
prediction: i am surprised to the critics but the plot were harsh of the same document i guess he was very well developed .
truth: do you know who directed it ?
prediction: it s made entertainment . i am not into movies with a cowboy of being UNK since it got such a high score .
truth: wow those really are good reviews .
prediction: shannon the rotten tomatoes score is 92 percent
truth: walt disney animation studios produced the film
prediction: it s a very good movie
truth: it s crazy i have my kids watch this movie and yeah totally .
prediction: i always wondered that born is killed .
truth: the ratings of the movie are pretty decent it has a 68 100 by metacritic score
prediction: i think i might watch it
truth: jay UNK UNK butler craig ferguson america UNK
prediction: it stars steve carell jason segel and russell brand .
truth: lol
prediction: i am not sure how long it came out
truth: agreed ! what other info do they give you ?
prediction: i have not seen the movie iron man s character
truth: 2004 would you consider that an old film ?
prediction: i have not seen the film but i have not seen it yet
truth: yes
prediction: i agree especially on rotten tomatoes and metacritic score of 100 that is low .
truth: love her
prediction: oh
truth: oh UNK UNK ! i loved how the actors played
prediction: i thought the movie is very much man
truth: the movie we will be discussing is called zootopia
prediction: i think you are supposed to talk about the movie
truth: so have you seen that movie ?
prediction: i like the movie
truth: ha ! what else can you tell me about the plot that gets the action going ?
prediction: i think i have a big fan of tim allen
truth: how rare can kryptonite even bee if it s found in the indian ocean ?
prediction: i agree . i love the UNK of superman .
truth: one review says its 153 minutes of grown men whacking each other . olo
prediction: i do not agree . i love the story of the movie . he s good in the movie .
truth: gotcha and yes i love that movie !
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: they are movies that leave us good messages of life for our personal growth .
prediction: i love that movie
truth: yea he s got a really good way of telling a story and drawing the viewers in .
prediction: i agree . i think that is why i was a kid that it was about a kid .
truth: haha merman
prediction: i think so
truth: i like leonardo
prediction: it was directed by jon favreau
truth: ah what did you like most about it ?
prediction: i think so
truth: he is such an amazing actor ! he can really play any roll
prediction: i love him .
truth: i love benedict cumberbatch although i cant say his name . its a ww2 movie about this guy who breaks the enigma code that the germans used
prediction: it s a historical drama about the biography alan turing the enigma .
truth: it s really neat ! it s about a real person named frank abignale .
prediction: it s a comedy about a giant who decrypted german intelligence a major airline stock by his girlfriend .
truth: what was your favorite thing about it ?
prediction: i like that movie .
truth: what movie ?
prediction: yes
truth: do you have movie info on your page
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: hi
prediction: hi
truth: i did not know much about dunkirk UNK . i know there was a movie about it made around UNK . and a british mini series in early 2000 .
prediction: i do not recall a disney rating .
truth: i think l may have to watch it tonight !
prediction: its a good movie
truth: that would really make it a good movie .
prediction: yeah it is a great movie .
truth: ah ok . that does sound interesting . what does he do ?
prediction: oh that is not a good one to my list .
truth: yeah i couldn t really stand him and the family was a bit too harsh at times
prediction: i agree ! i would think that is why i would not have to see it over again
truth: perfect
prediction: i think that the animation was very interesting
truth: lol
prediction: i think i ve heard of it but i ve seen it a lot was animated but it was still worth .
truth: some people said that it took liberties with the guys real life . he was so interesting they said that it didnt matter . it was still great
prediction: i think i saw the trailer but i am a big fan of the cast
truth: i like when they put underlying themes in it as long as it does not UNK from the cuteness of it all .
prediction: i guess that is what the movie is about but it s really well done with the critics and the movie is really good .
truth: yeah
prediction: i like the rabbit too
truth: i think one of her best movies
prediction: i think i saw the story the movie
truth: which avenger is your favorite ?
prediction: i think the last one was good . i think the movie was just from a bad guy . i wonder if it s not a bad or just
truth: yes i love that movie it is one of my favorite
prediction: i do not know that but i am not sure what he made in this movie out he is in it .
truth: do you like comedies ? macaulay culkin was funny in it and the movie got a great rating on cinemascore
prediction: i have not seen it but i think i ve seen it . i was a kid fan movie
truth: hi this movie got good reviews .
prediction: hello ! i have not seen it yet .
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: what was the rating again in rotten tomatoes for the movie ?
prediction: the scene where he tries to know and wayne to fight him .
truth: he is smart . i didnt really understand the whole captive thing . it seemed a bit far fetched
prediction: i agree .
truth: the details around the actions of the state department at that time were really interesting too .
prediction: i agree
truth: what are you saying ? i do not understand lol
prediction: i think they are a lot of things you remember
truth: i can not see in 3d i am blind in one eye lol . this movie was a feather in pixar s cap for sure
prediction: i really liked the whole family in this film
truth: not clear in a key scene the cast is on a ten hour flight back to los angeles . not sure where from
prediction: it s the first place based on a true story about a princess who is not trying to be crowned queen for a week
truth: terrence howard plays james rhodey rhodes a friend of stark s and the UNK between stark industries and the air force
prediction: i have not seen the movie .
truth: is emma stone playing an artist also ?
prediction: where does it take place ?
truth: yes i am a fan of comedy .
prediction: i am not sure . i did not know who played the actor s general .
truth: it was directed by martin scorsese and he s done good work .
prediction: i do not think i ve seen her in the movie .
truth: it has robert downey jr terrence howard jeff bridges and gwyneth UNK
prediction: the movie is the first time i am not a fan of the superhero movies
truth: oh that is so cool . i love jim and jennifer
prediction: oh wow i do not really care for jim carey
truth: can you describe a scene from frozen ?
prediction: what is the plot about ?
truth: im doing well . thanks for asking .
prediction: i am good .
truth: what movie ?
prediction: no
truth: sounds like a good movie who directed it ?
prediction: hi
truth: it sounds like an entertaining movie if you are are in to dark fantasy
prediction: yes that is a good point . do you know who protagonist is in the film ?
truth: there are some light action sequences filled with drama
prediction: i do not think so
truth: sounds interesting !
prediction: yes it is a classic movie i have seen of of it but i have not seen it but it is also on netflix .
truth: i would like to recommend this movie to watch in theaters
prediction: at first in the end of the movie
truth: what did you think of bring in the tesseract as the main plot point from previous movies ?
prediction: it was not too bad fan
truth: it was a bit sad when they scared children
prediction: that is true . i think it was a good movie for sure
truth: i assumed because it was a crime film it would be more serious . i am not a big fun of american comedy
prediction: i did not know that it was based on the comic book book of the same document
truth: i like that the comedic timing is so spot on it s very enjoyable
prediction: i like morgan freeman . i think he s in the movie with me . i know he s found in the movie .
truth: what is the rating on this movie ?
prediction: oh i see .
truth: more UNK to watch it ! do not know how i missed one of the top movies in 2014 i love all the actors also !
prediction: i agree . i think i would like it too
truth: robert UNK
prediction: i am not sure
truth: sure
prediction: i am good thank you .
truth: yes ist very cool but i better ist hulk
prediction: so nice !
truth: yes the movie was fantastic have you never heard of it ?
prediction: it s a superhero movie .
truth: hey UNK you see the movie when if UNK UNK ?
prediction: hi
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: what is your favorite part of the movie ?
prediction: oh i like that it is a comedy comedy movie
truth: not me hahaha
prediction: i am a big fan of crime movies .
truth: in parts but it is UNK done i thought
prediction: it was a good movie
truth: one of the reviews says that the movie takes liberties with historic material .
prediction: i agree . i thought it was interesting that the critics were not really good . do you agree with the critics of the movie ?
truth: i really like batman not so much superman but i still like the superman movies especially the older ones .
prediction: i am not sure about that .
truth: yes he s 8 ! they left him on accident when they left to go on family vacation to paris .
prediction: it was directed by chris columbus . . . .
truth: that is funny !
prediction: i think the way of the movie is really funny .
truth: did you enjoy christian bale s performance ?
prediction: i like batman begins
truth: hahaha i loved that scene where the gang decided to scare him .
prediction: i think it s a good date movie .
truth: i like comedies and yes i find lindsay to be quite hot
prediction: it is a comedy movie ?
truth: it is a great movie . the legendary ben affleck plays batman while the dashing henry cavill is clark kent superman .
prediction: it s batman vs superman superman and superman dawn of justice minutes are . . .
truth: awesome ! no i have not seen it yet and i was thinking about watching it though .
prediction: jim carrey is hilarious in it !
truth: iron man
prediction: the movie is called the wolf of wall street
truth: the movie is the wolf of wall street .
prediction: have you seen the movie toy story ?
truth: hello ! i love the great gatsby !
prediction: hello
truth: hi ! how are you ?
prediction: hello
truth: i agree on forrest gump . was not a fan .
prediction: i like his work .
truth: sean tuohy and leigh anne help get him enrolled at the private school so he can play for the football team
prediction: yes it gets on a movie to poor so he can be a good dude in a movie .
truth: frank goes from a nice well off family to financial troubles after his business loan
prediction: it s one of the best animated movies in the theater but not the greatest of the movie
truth: sally hawkins played the role of the mute cleaner
prediction: yes . it s a movie and a snowman and an adult .
truth: i found it interesting that when mia runs into sebastian the she picks the song i ran so far away
prediction: yes
truth: ninja turtles ?
prediction: i agree . i think the story is good . i also like to see this movie
truth: casted by flonn whitehead
prediction: what year did it come out ?
truth: how about a movie that UNK scamming people that is directed by steven spielberg
prediction: oh wow . i think i saw it on netflix
truth: i definitely need to see it . who else was in it ?
prediction: that is pretty interesting .
truth: do not know her .
prediction: i guess that is a true story .
truth: emma stone did do well in the film but i do not think she is an exceptional singer
prediction: emma stone is played by tobey maguire in this film
truth: christopher nolan
prediction: it was directed by jon favreau
truth: yes there are so many aerial battles between the tamed and evil dragons .
prediction: i agree
truth: i would have to say black widow . she s strong and she s played y scarlett johansson .
prediction: my favorite is my favorite .
truth: i bet craig ferguson is great as the voice of gobber the belch .
prediction: i think that it s based on a book
truth: i am good . i think that movie is really nice .
prediction: i am great thanks for a movie .
truth: lol not quite sure . .
prediction: i think it s okay for batman . it was good for a reboot .
truth: thats a good score . do you agree with the critics ?
prediction: that sounds interesting .
truth: no . i was in my UNK just a UNK cat .
prediction: yes . i must wait to see it in theatres .
truth: yeah he was
prediction: yes i like the movie .
truth: i enjoyed when he first started working on penny stocks
prediction: i would say that is what movie was the sheep to the book of the film ?
truth: i would . i love a movie that has depth
prediction: i did not know that .
truth: im real
prediction: real di
truth: it is a thrilling action adventure . are you aware of any key scenes ?
prediction: i agree . i like the other movies that are always lower to the beach though .
truth: i do like that it s a female superhero . we need more of those movies .
prediction: it sounds like it was a good movie for a long time .
truth: he is very likable .
prediction: i see . i liked his character a reindeer in a movie i liked him .
truth: it seems tobey plays nick and is UNK neighbor
prediction: i do not think so .
truth: she is
prediction: comic movies is the best
truth: it s shot in the back drop of world war ii to evacuate soldiers from the town of dunkirk
prediction: it s about it s based on a book by f scott fitzgerald who is in it and is a good actor in it
truth: kristen bell did a great job as anna too
prediction: i think it was great and the original animated of the movie was great for the original character . i really liked the character .
truth: hello
prediction: hi
truth: what kind of movies did you like ?
prediction: how r u
truth: musicals is a type of movie they do a lot of singing .
prediction: i am not a fan of the director though .
truth: i am not really a jolie fan .
prediction: yes she is played by etc . . . he is a good choice for the character . he is a good villain
truth: i love comedies . nothing better than a good laugh
prediction: i do not like comedies
truth: pan s UNK
prediction: i think it was a big movie
truth: why should i re watch the movie ?
prediction: yes he is . i like him
truth: how about the musical score
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: i am here . there is no mention of blood . but the trading is aggressive .
prediction: it s violent to be violent to see how he is a small fortune and she is a doctor who is a con artist for some people
truth: he acts as the best UNK in town that retired because his wife was killed .
prediction: i did not know that !
truth: judy hopps is a UNK UNK female rabbit who ends up in a UNK with two others which then unfolds the rest of the story .
prediction: yes it is a 3d movie that is surprising
truth: jim carrey places bruce nolan who is kind of your typical everyday guy who s down on his luck and complains to god morgan freeman .
prediction: jim carrey plays god and morgan freeman plays god .
truth: people really like it !
prediction: oh wow . . . . .
truth: whats it about
prediction: i have not seen it . i ll have to watch it .
truth: are you still reading ?
prediction: i have not seen that one . what about you ?
truth: yes it was he does not disappointed i love his movies including UNK and jane and truman show !
prediction: i have not seen .
truth: same here ! i am afraid of UNK because of jaws . wow 1975 ! classic movie for its age how did you like martin UNK acting ?
prediction: i think you should really watch it if you enjoyed the movie . i also will watch it if you can not watch it .
truth: it is about catch me if you can
prediction: what is the movie about the movie ?
truth: that was a long time ago !
prediction: i like him
truth: i did ! she really delivered a knockout in mean girls .
prediction: i did not know that was directed by jon favreau
truth: roy schneider plays chief martin brody
prediction: he s a good character ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
truth: i like robert downey jr .
prediction: i like all the actors in this style of movies i will watch it
truth: sorry what was that ?
prediction: yes it s amazing .
truth: yeahh
prediction: i agree . i think it s one of my favorite movies . . .
truth: its more about the guy than it is the movie . his name was alan turning
prediction: i am not familiar with that movie . i am not a fan of marvel comics .
truth: no idea really
prediction: the movie is called the avengers
truth: you should definitely see it if you have kids they will really enjoy this all ages and it s really funny for adults as well !
prediction: robert downey jr plays tony stark
truth: gosling did an UNK job
prediction: oh i like that
truth: oh sounds interesting .
prediction: oh i do not know me about toys .
truth: it s a romantic drama that came out in 2013 . it s based on a novel with the same name .
prediction: i think it was a great movie .
truth: good ! when was the last time you watched home alone ?
prediction: good thanks
truth: yes i have . do you love war movies ?
prediction: yes i have . i think it was pretty good .
truth: i liked it it is called the i UNK game have you seen it ?
prediction: i thought it was a great movie .
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: very much so .
prediction: i think he s pretty funny
truth: yep ask me anything
prediction: that was the movie was good
truth: haha
prediction: i like that they are talking about these days
truth: can not really tell . nothing said about it .
prediction: the movie is about a supervillian named nick carraway and a playboy to help dragon and UNK him his job correctly and gets sent to help of them .
truth: the captain america char powerful and versatile shield .
prediction: ya he is a good actor
truth: wait can you give me the name or no
prediction: yes
truth: bvs had potential and redemption chances
prediction: i would say that is a good director
truth: yes
prediction: yes i have not
truth: i have to say that movies about anthropomorphic animals are pretty clever .
prediction: my favorite part is the main character .
truth: if i just went by the rotten tomatoes score of 48 i probably would not have watched this movie
prediction: i think the movie was based on a true story
truth: i have not seen that one
prediction: i think it was a great movie
truth: have you ever had a chance to see batman v superman ?
prediction: i thought it was a movie about a movie that came out of 10 .
truth: yes i do . i especially liked this one .
prediction: i do not see super hero movies though .
truth: wolf of wallstreet
prediction: it s a superhero movie
truth: i have wasnt my best choice but it was different
prediction: it s a fantasy drama about a mute woman
truth: hi yes a really long time ago . . . i barely remember it
prediction: hi !
truth: UNK is a cute name for a town .
prediction: i agree . i think he s a bit of a love story .
truth: what is your favorite superhero movie
prediction: i think it was the one of the dark knight in the dark knight .
truth: i like the little community that they have in andy s room
prediction: i think he was a good choice for the voice of characters .
truth: i do agree that maleficent is entertaining to watch . i very much enjoyed the scenes with the magical happenings .
prediction: i thought he was a very strong actor .
truth: that is not bad .
prediction: i am not sure .
truth: what do you think of the cover of i ran so far away ?
prediction: i wonder how much money was to be in la land
truth: how do you feel about the drug use in the movie ?
prediction: is he based on a true story ?
truth: pretty darn good i would even suggest watching it again
prediction: yeah i am not sure i am not familiar with the director
truth: it earned it ! cinemascore gave it an a
prediction: the movie is pretty good too .
truth: that happens a lot with rotten tomato
prediction: oh i do not think i ve seen that movie .
truth: it s a love story taking place in los UNK emma stone is also starring in this movie .
prediction: it s based on a war movie
truth: it is a musical drama romance film .
prediction: it s about a superhero movie called the world who is the born .
truth: good . do you have a movie to . tell . me . about ?
prediction: i dont know what is it about
truth: yes !
prediction: i have not .
truth: i like it a lot and it got really good reviews
prediction: i thought it was pretty good .
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: the matrix ! yes ! that movie was great ! if we both like that i think we would enjoy this one too !
prediction: i do not think i have .
truth: does the shark appear at the party ?
prediction: i think there are some scenes scenes do not get a bunch of UNK UNK
truth: ah i see ! do you know the rating of the movie ? like if it s pg or r rated .
prediction: i do not know what do you know about the scene where the movie ?
truth: i had forgot that gwyneth paltrow was in this too . any surprises for you on the list of actors ?
prediction: i think that it is a comedy .
truth: judy has every right to be an officer and can do the job well but the UNK drop heavy UNK are UNK
prediction: yes animals is a lot of good tough
truth: the theme would be a romantic love story
prediction: the movie is mainly about a villain who needs to eat millions of his life ?
truth: what did you like about the movie if you had to decide one thing ?
prediction: i think so . i am not familiar with that
truth: what do you think of the first critical response ? seems like it s strangely worded . how can a movie be UNK ?
prediction: howard i think it was a great movie . i think it was a pretty funny fan .
truth: it is an animated comedy adventure feature film
prediction: i have not seen it either
truth: yeah it was jason bateman
prediction: it s animated that the most part is animated and i like his friend .
truth: 2010
prediction: the movie is a historical drama film based on a true story
truth: great if you have not seen it before do you think it sounds like a good movie ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: batman vs superman
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: hi
prediction: hi
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: hi . this movie the great gatsby was a really good movie i think . how about you ?
prediction: hello
truth: that part was funny .
prediction: i agree
truth: i kind of like lindsay lohan as a teen star . i ve seen her in a couple of other things so i may look this movie up .
prediction: i think it s a very volume movie that is pretty cool . i am not sure if that is why i would have this movie up .
truth: i am reading some of the critic responses on that it does seem like some good messages
prediction: yes i think this movie was a little dull .
truth: what i do not get is why batman would agree to help luthor after learning that he s associated with a weapons trafficker . what the heck dude
prediction: i think so there s a lot of good actresses in this movies
truth: yeah it was a good movie
prediction: yes i have seen the thriller . it is a thriller movie that you can enjoy
truth: i think he is the guy who did pacific rim ? if so then i can only think of that movie UNK
prediction: i think it s funny
truth: of course
prediction: i think so
truth: who are the actors in it ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: the slinky was my favorite character .
prediction: yes i really liked how they told the people were a lot of their movies .
truth: despicable me changed up the villian dynamic in animated movies
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: what is the name of the movie ?
prediction: what did you think of the movie ?
truth: so do i
prediction: yes
truth: yes love them . what do you think about despicable me ?
prediction: yes i do .
truth: i have not who is in it ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: hows your day going
prediction: have you seen the movie the social network
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: i love the plot and the costumes . i also love the casting .
prediction: i do not think so
truth: oh okay . how does he get to be god ?
prediction: oh i like that they had to make a happy ending
truth: what do you think about the orphan girls ?
prediction: yes . i think that he could have been a few .
truth: creating a company
prediction: i do not know if i ve seen any of them and jail .
truth: back then yes we really did not care about how likely something was in the plot we could still identify with the character for sure .
prediction: lol ! i am not sure about that ! i am a big fan of his
truth: its a revenge thriller and it has a lot of style going on
prediction: yeah . i think that movie is a pretty good movie
truth: since its directed by spielberg you know its great
prediction: it is a historical story that takes place in 2002 .
truth: is it about war ?
prediction: yes i am sure
truth: it s every kids nightmare i mean best movie
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: the chase was crazy i loved tom hanks as well .
prediction: i am not sure about that but it does not seem to me it .
truth: no i ve never heard of it before . have you ?
prediction: yes i have .
truth: what about director ?
prediction: yes i like dunkirk .
truth: no i have not seen it
prediction: yes i have
truth: i do somewhat . pearl harbor was great
prediction: yes
truth: i thought it was a cute movie you ?
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: good afternoon . seen any good movies lately ?
prediction: hello
truth: it seemed like it went on forever
prediction: oh that is so so so . i would say it was pretty good .
truth: ohhh that is interesting !
prediction: i do not like historical movies .
truth: yea that was part was great as well
prediction: i think so
truth: really how ?
prediction: i like the movie but i imagine it sounds like it would be a good movie .
truth: own it obviously . who wouldnt wanna own something that good
prediction: i like own it on blu ray . i know it on my phone .
truth: yes me too
prediction: i think it was a good movie
truth: oh yeah ? i ve only really seen the first .
prediction: i think it s really good
truth: do you like loki the charector in iron man
prediction: no male male or not or less or less or just
truth: was he good ?
prediction: i like the plot of the world in general
truth: yes you have watch it or read about it
prediction: it s a historical political about the original between the washington papers
truth: have you seen this movie
prediction: i saw it a lot . i can not believe it was very good .
truth: maybe you could just tell me the movie title
prediction: oh ok
truth: it is a great movie but the way we are limited and can not talk about the things which are not mentioned in the document makes it somewhat weird .
prediction: i have not seen it yet
truth: yes i have seen it ! i loved leonardo dicaprio in that movie .
prediction: no i have not . what is it about
truth: what is the story about ?
prediction: yes i john wick movie . what is it ?
truth: i did not only was it funny it had a good message do not you think ?
prediction: yes i did . it was a great movie . i did not really think it was a very funny movie .
truth: that s about all the questions i have . how do we end this conversation ?
prediction: the movie is about the world
truth: martin scorsese is famous for doing off the wall movies like this too
prediction: i agree . i also like the ending of the film that added to happen to the UNK
truth: it sounds good but i am not a big fan of romantic dramas .
prediction: i am not sure about that .
truth: is it a true story
prediction: i agree that was interesting to be able to pull that it was not
truth: a work of genius yes yes it was .
prediction: i agree ! it was very good for children .
truth: me either
prediction: i do not think i have seen this one .
truth: hahaha 8 year old kevin wished his family would disappear and he got exactly that
prediction: i think he s a good actor in the movie
truth: movies like that usually do
prediction: yes i have . i love batman v superman he was batman in my oppinion .
truth: oh nice
prediction: what was the name of the movie ?
truth: it only got a 53 on metacritic i thought it was better than that . what about you did you think it was better than that ?
prediction: i agree . i really like his work in michael shannon and his journey to try and up him
truth: it came out in 2013 .
prediction: it came out in 2009
truth: why should someone who has never seen frozen watch the film ?
prediction: that is a good actress .
truth: i do not know i did not get the script .
prediction: yes i am a big fan of jim carrey .
truth: i love it
prediction: nice
truth: hi . have you seen this movie bruce almighty ?
prediction: hello
truth: hi there
prediction: hello
truth: they do fight . but it is not graphic at all .
prediction: mostly based on the country origin s .
truth: is god a funny character or a serious character ?
prediction: i think this carrey carrey is not a bit who carey to be god .
truth: they are super cute my favorite is the youngest one
prediction: yes i think it was a good representation for the orphan show
truth: it would be pretty cool to have god s power just for day . how would you feel about that lol
prediction: i like how they made a lot of movies that would be good
truth: what character is margot robbie playing in the wolf of wall street ?
prediction: who are the main actors actresses ?
truth: no i do not have this information
prediction: i love that movie too .
truth: yeah i agree .
prediction: yes and the main characters are so much
truth: it s the 2005 with christian bale .
prediction: i agree . i love the scene where he played the world .
truth: oh i like leo i think i ll check it out
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not heard it hill much
truth: after complete survey come to our group
prediction: here is a sarath new movie
truth: it is the second installment in the dc extended UNK movies
prediction: it is a great movie about toys and the mayor clark kent superman .
truth: oh they always do a good job ! anybody i might know do the voices ?
prediction: oh cool i am not sure i do not think i have seen any of those movies .
truth: its a romantic comedy
prediction: i liked it a lot of times
truth: not my fave either
prediction: i am not really good for her part . i am a big fan of leonardo dicaprio .
truth: what movie are you referring to ?
prediction: oh cool
truth: hey
prediction: hi
truth: haha true
prediction: yeah i guess they did a great job
truth: 8 years old
prediction: the kid was left behind
truth: ok
prediction: i like that it was a good movie . i like that there are UNK of d in the movie .
truth: yes me too i thought one of the best oes was about friendship and always being there for each other
prediction: i think it s hard to be a real life of the toys .
truth: that sounds pretty interesting
prediction: oh wow . i think that is a good reason .
truth: i am a tom hanks UNK
prediction: i thought it was great . i wonder if he s pretty interesting in any for their name .
truth: does it seem like an exciting movie to watch ?
prediction: that sounds interesting
truth: it did not have a lot of dialogue . why would you think that ?
prediction: dunkirk was very interesting . i do not like movies based on his name though .
truth: oh yes . that is the one were they are in the frat .
prediction: mike wazowski is a great director .
truth: yeah but the cinemascore gave it an a . so i guess that is fair
prediction: i like the way he was a kid .
truth: i have !
prediction: i have not seen it but i have seen it on tv .
truth: it is catch me if you can by steven spielberg and leanardo dicaprio pays in it
prediction: i have not seen it but i have heard of it but i have heard it is a good movie
truth: what do you think ?
prediction: that is a disney animated movie
truth: yes i agree . .
prediction: i am not sure .
truth: hi how are you doing ?
prediction: hi !
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: i think he might have been gay . the guy he was in love with died when he was in boarding school
prediction: yes it is . it was not targeted dark .
truth: you should maybe you did not like it because it became too much
prediction: i agree
truth: i heard zuckerberg did not like the movie maybe that is why
prediction: i agree . i like him when he was UNK the UNK of UNK UNK
truth: i know i never could
prediction: i think it would have a low score on rotten tomatoes
truth: so it s UNK a drama ?
prediction: she s a good actress
truth: it is loosely based on a british book series named cressida cowell .
prediction: i agree . i would have to watch it again . i wonder if the movie is good to see .
truth: i did not know that .
prediction: i did not know that .
truth: yea that scene was crazy
prediction: yea i know direction about meeting .
truth: i especially enjoy the actors that they get to play these voices it really seems like they are having fun while doing it .
prediction: i like the idea of much .
truth: oh okey
prediction: i think it is a bit darker for sure
truth: morgan freeman is incredible playing the part of god .
prediction: it s about a news reporter who complains to god himself for a week .
truth: yes i think so too . i love the character .
prediction: it was not that it was inspired in theaters but it is not a good movie
truth: no i have not seen it . is it any good ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: i have not . have you ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: yes i like it
prediction: yes i like them .
truth: so i guess i should get to the task at hand then
prediction: i did not know that .
truth: it s interesting that anna s memories are altered so she forgets about elsa s magic . grand pabbie the UNK must also have powers .
prediction: that is really interesting . i like her more than magic in the first before it s so old .
truth: pretty positive reviews they say it is just as much about the dream world we want to live in and the cruel UNK of how to achieve them
prediction: i see .
truth: i ve seen him in a few films and have been pretty impressed with him .
prediction: i think it is a classic i think it s a bit of the film in the movie !
truth: not really . i like sci fi action and comedy movies mostly . what about you ?
prediction: i am not sure
truth: i do not know it is considered an insult for serious musicians
prediction: i think it s a insult for serious musicians
truth: awesome . who stars in the movie ?
prediction: yes
truth: hm would need a little more plot info .
prediction: i do not know the still about pg the theaters but not it sure . . . . . .
truth: yes but there is a part of this movie that i do not like . . . have you seen it yet ?
prediction: i do not really like horror though . i am not a huge fan of the movie . i like leo s movies
truth: i watched it 5 times before i understood it and thats the best part of it . it makes you watch it again and again
prediction: i thought it was great . i was not sure how long the dream is about
truth: go check it out
prediction: i like the way they went to the truth
truth: how great were they
prediction: i have not seen this movie in this movie in my opinion .
truth: so the movie is about dreams ? tell me more about that ?
prediction: ok so is this one ?
truth: the movie how to train your dragon
prediction: it is a war movie .
truth: yea absolutely !
prediction: yes i have
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: wow . . sounds interesting
prediction: oh okay . . . . i have not read it but i would not watch it
truth: thanks
prediction: i did not know that
truth: did she believe that he was god ?
prediction: i do not aniston .
truth: do not think i have
prediction: i think it s been a while
truth: and tim mcgraw wasnt bad even though hes a not an UNK
prediction: i think it was better than the other characters
truth: love him
prediction: i agree . i really liked how that the movie was based on true events . . .
truth: leonardo dicaprio as jordan belfort
prediction: it s a black comedy . it has a 78 and written by jordan belfort .
truth: have you ?
prediction: so you know ?
truth: it s called despicable me
prediction: it is a comedy film directed by john lasseter
truth: o yes . and also chris pine was great and hilarious
prediction: it was okay
truth: you should definitely watch if you enjoy cute disney movies
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: oh cool
truth: yes have you seen the movie ?
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: did you ever see bruce almighty ?
prediction: the wolf of wall street
truth: which movie ?
prediction: hello
truth: hello i am fine . how are you ?
prediction: good how about you ?
truth: the performance of gal gadot was stellar
prediction: i do not really care about ratings but i do not pay attention to much about it .
truth: i wonder which character dicaprio is
prediction: i do not remember that but i do not remember it was good
truth: i see this movie got an 8 . 8 10 rating in imdb . it must be interesting .
prediction: i like them . i like dark fantasy
truth: i can not see a movie description but if it is a drama movie i think i would like it . . can you tell me about it ?
prediction: well i like the first one
truth: i liked the part of the movie when bruce decides to say yes to every prayer .
prediction: i do like comedies too .
truth: never seen
prediction: i think it was a better movie
truth: dc is not as cool to me
prediction: i think the rotten tomatoes score was a bit for me . i would have been a lot of movies that was a while since was .
truth: i might have chosen to watch it still hard to say since it is one of my favorites
prediction: i think i ve seen it but i think it was pretty good .
truth: that is the thing he was only 19 . he must have looked older for his age .
prediction: frank was your favorite character ?
truth: the young princess elsa accidentally injures her little sister anna with her magic .
prediction: it s a princess of ice and elsa the kingdom s sister and the reindeer the king .
truth: yes
prediction: i think it s a high score of angelina hanks people . . .
truth: yes
prediction: nice
truth: yes he played a famous billionaire who UNK wild parties . it also has tobey maguire in it also .
prediction: i think it s been a while
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: it s a really good movie
truth: yes i did !
prediction: yes i did .
truth: ih
prediction: hello
truth: gotcha . yah that is still high on my list to see
prediction: yea i like it
truth: i feel the same way when the rating are in the 60 80 range on rt it s kind of a toss up huh ?
prediction: i do not think i would have ratings ratings
truth: yeah . i think it s the highest grossing holiday film next to the live action UNK and die hard
prediction: i think the movie was number interesting that !
truth: iron man . but rdj perfectly suits the character
prediction: i am not sure . i am not sure about it .
truth: what is harry styles doing in a movie ?
prediction: yes . . . .
truth: stane . another character in iron man who was a second in command for stark s business tries to take over stark
prediction: he s a character . he does a great job in his office as a villain to his own company
truth: definitely . i also think that his assistant in the film was played well .
prediction: i agree . i also thought gal gadot was great as well .
truth: idina menzel was elsa she s so wickedly talented
prediction: i think it was a great movie
truth: what was the space UNK name was not it buzz ?
prediction: i agree . i think that was a great movie .
truth: well i am a bit UNK when it s a raving review sometimes movies get too much of a hype .
prediction: i am here .
truth: oh yes rdj . i know of the movie but have not seen it .
prediction: i did not know that it was based on a novel by a f of this movie ?
truth: one of the best action movie
prediction: jaws was a good one for my favorite movie
truth: what did you think of it ?
prediction: i have not seen it . do you agree with the rotten tomatoes rating ?
truth: i really liked it . it was interesting to see how facebook was first founded .
prediction: i thought it was a great movie . i like it after reading i think it was a great movie .
truth: so avengers right ?
prediction: have you seen this movie ?
truth: whats up
prediction: what movie ?
truth: well we can only talk about what is in the pdf document
prediction: i like the comic movies
truth: oh thats nice
prediction: yes i agree
truth: yes . the exorcist UNK the UNK out of me . with jaws i avoided UNK UNK for months .
prediction: i agree that is where people got the bad guy . i liked the story of the movie .
truth: its kinda of an old film however that is a very good budget to have
prediction: i think i saw the trailer and it was a bit movie .
truth: this new paragraph is an interesting perspective .
prediction: i like that it has a lot of critical responses on it .
truth: for the tuohys to take in a complete stranger i can imagine it being really difficult
prediction: i like how the way he was a terrific
truth: oh okay . i think i ve heard of joss .
prediction: i love how he acts .
truth: i do not like horror pic or scary movie . i just want a good time . is it very bloody and do many people die in it ?
prediction: is it a war movie ?
truth: did they give u the document as well ?
prediction: i did not know that .
truth: i often do . and i ve like a few by this director but not all of them .
prediction: guillermo del toro is the director .
truth: yeah it came out 15 years ago
prediction: what is the title of the movie ?
truth: yeah . strong performance by bullock . might be good if u like football themed movies .
prediction: oh cool .
truth: this appears to be an interesting movie and a great historical drama !
prediction: i am not sure how about you ?
truth: no have not seen it
prediction: no i have not . what is it about ?
truth: have you seen home alone ?
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: hello .
prediction: hello !
truth: it would not be near as entertaining though of course so obviously that is why not .
prediction: i like joe pesci in this movie
truth: one of the best parts
prediction: yes . i think the scene where they added to the door .
truth: was not it john hughes ?
prediction: the movie scene with her sister with her powers that .
truth: oh umm . . i need to see the trailer and then i would decide
prediction: i did not know that but i am not sure why it s been out for me .
truth: is this movie both for kids and adults ?
prediction: shrink
truth: you have really high standards haha !
prediction: oh wow . . . . . . . . . .
truth: oh right right ! now i remember theres the scene where batman basically got owned by scarecrow right ? and he almost got UNK .
prediction: i really do not know about that . what is your favorite scene ?
truth: yeah . her performance really shines in this movie
prediction: i like sandra bullock
truth: critics liked it it has 96 on rotten tomatoes
prediction: oh i see
truth: oh wow sounds unique to say the least .
prediction: the movie is based on a book of god and is not a typical comedy movie
truth: yep he s pretty good i really admire any actor who UNK themselves in their role like he does .
prediction: i like the part where he was a small fortune to see it out
truth: i see . i just saw that you had previously answered my bad . . .
prediction: i am not sure
truth: it is a sequel to the 2001 movie monster inc .
prediction: it has leonardo dicaprio and tom hanks is an amazing actress .
truth: i have not but i heard a lot about it . was it good ?
prediction: i have not . i have not seen it though .
truth: what movie are you talking about ?
prediction: yes i have seen it . i have not seen it .
truth: yeah
prediction: yes it was a good movie
truth: did you feel that the period setting of the movie helped make the story more engaging ?
prediction: i think it s a big movie to find for the movie . do you watch the movie ?
truth: yeah
prediction: i am not sure if i would see it if you have not seen it .
truth: in a way because i think you can understand whats happening but it gives more info into the main character s background with the UNK and provide more context .
prediction: yes that is true .
truth: the reviews were pretty good . on rotten tomatoes it scored 100 percent with an average of 9 10 . the cinemascore is an a
prediction: yes
truth: ooo nice
prediction: that is a good point
truth: buzz lightyear !
prediction: i agree . i felt that tim allen was great . he was a great actor .
truth: i wonder what the name of the movie means
prediction: yes it s a great scene between science and the rivalry of the fbi that were done at the time in the end
truth: leo eventually steals lots of money
prediction: is it a movie or more action ?
truth: wow ! hes my favorite too his lines are really funny
prediction: he is a great actress .
truth: yeah it is a bit of a fantasy movie and it requires some thinking but the concept is pretty interesting .
prediction: i have not heard of any of any . i have heard of him but i have heard of the movie .
truth: good bye
prediction: i have not seen that one either
truth: i recently saw american gangster
prediction: i agree . . . . . . .
truth: i remember i loved it as a kid UNK
prediction: i have not seen it in 1990 .
truth: im ok
prediction: i am good thank you
truth: its the best
prediction: i thought it was a while one
truth: it was really good . i love robert downey jr as tony stark .
prediction: i love how to train a dragon !
truth: i dont really agree with that score
prediction: i loved that movie
truth: and had he was blamed for a lot of the the stuff with not justice involved ! the mom said some cruel things
prediction: that is true .
truth: both of them gru is the boss and nefario is his side kick
prediction: i like the UNK between buzz and their UNK that are perfectly with some drugs and drugs
truth: it scored really highly on rotten tomatoes 96 so a lot of other people must have really enjoyed it too .
prediction: i think this is a good one
truth: the film was made in 2016 and i thought it was very progressive . how about you ?
prediction: yes
truth: ok . leo chooses diverse characters . .
prediction: what is the plot about ?
truth: this story is narrated from the present day by an elderly many telling the tale to a fellow nursing home UNK .
prediction: i have not
truth: ohhhhh yes i think you are onto something .
prediction: i think the antagonist of the main characters is a male .
truth: did you like it ? yeah same here . my grand daughter watched it so many times .
prediction: i think it s every of the day .
truth: this was a good subject for 3d computer animation .
prediction: i agree with that . i think it was a good movie for memorable .
truth: she was in house of cards . the critical reviews seem professional but it has a rotten tomatoes average of 7 . 6
prediction: no i think i would have to watch it again
truth: i think what really makes it a great movie is that the sister doesn t give up on elsa no matter what and ends up making elsa feel better !
prediction: i like the snowman in the movie .
truth: that is true it was one of his smaller films .
prediction: yeah i like that it was based on a true story .
truth: are you a fan of comedy in general ?
prediction: i think he s a great actor .
truth: angelina jolie was great in it
prediction: i thought it was a great movie but i thought it was a good movie
truth: the acting is good .
prediction: it s a good movie . i loved the movie . i ve never heard of him .
truth: architecture UNK with proper artistic skill can be beautiful . i imagine the dreamscapes were pretty fantastical .
prediction: i think nolan s pretty cool . he is a great actor she goes to life .
truth: where is it based in the city ?
prediction: i am not sure if i ve seen any of the police officer .
truth: i might have to check it out next year
prediction: that is a cult score .
truth: yes it s quite a dated film now
prediction: i am not sure about that film .
truth: i know you might like it
prediction: would you watch it ?
truth: i do like turtles
prediction: i like the scenes they made the movie
truth: it is in fact . it s a family comedy so it s appropriate for all ages .
prediction: it is a comedy and a comedy directed by john wick
truth: looks like joe pesci was in this movie to he s really funny
prediction: i think that is a good point of the movie
truth: what type of movie is it
prediction: i love him !
truth: its ok not a problem i like this movie it was hilarious and refreshing would you ever watch it again ?
prediction: i have not seen it but i have never seen it .
truth: well its based on a character from dc comics and has a bit of greek mythology like ares .
prediction: it s a musical fantasy animated film .
truth: yes and all the superheroes together !
prediction: i agree .
truth: avengers
prediction: not a good movie
truth: i have . do like leonardo dicaprio ?
prediction: i have not . was a good movie ?
truth: what was the movie
prediction: how are you ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: no problem . how long does this go on for ?
prediction: did he else as a villain to be a villain in this movie ?
truth: i think it goes with the stereotype from a rural people who tends to be naive and way too nice for its own sake .
prediction: i do not know if i would like to see that
truth: no no ?
prediction: i like the first one .
truth: probably not
prediction: yes it is .
truth: sounds like you liked the other UNK movies
prediction: i like that it s based on a book by a book and a bitter book
truth: ha yeah . almost 3 decades ago haha
prediction: i think it was a little low for the movie
truth: i know . i have UNK wondered what that would feel like
prediction: i think it is a classic
truth: all the girls are pretty in a teen comedy .
prediction: i think that is a cool .
truth: awesome they are both really talented i loved when the worked together on the prestige
prediction: he plays a lot of bats
truth: that is true . i ended up enjoying the movie quite a bit .
prediction: yes it is a superhero movie
truth: tom hanks is the best
prediction: i think it was a great movie
truth: you really should . it s macaulay culkin s best role by far . joe pesci and daniel stern are absolutely hilarious in it .
prediction: i did not know that around was when the robbers was not as good as it does not like it
truth: yes i did not know until i watched it that loki was thor s brother .
prediction: it was funny !
truth: hi there
prediction: yes i am
truth: i like dc superheroes .
prediction: iron man
truth: yes ! i thought it was funny what about you ?
prediction: no i have not . what is it about ?
truth: yeah it s set in the cold war . that is why the laboratory is a complete secret
prediction: i think it s a good representation
truth: it seems like it
prediction: i am not sure . i am not sure about the movie but i do not think i would some of the movie genre
truth: in other news i am stuck in UNK lol what state are you in ?
prediction: i love that
truth: that is a great way to describe this movie
prediction: i would agree with that as a child .
truth: that is pretty cool .
prediction: i am not sure . i do not remember anything . i am sure that is the person is a bit long .
truth: its a really good movie
prediction: book
truth: not really
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: i think that he is one of the best american actors
prediction: i think that is a pretty high score for the young viewers
truth: absolutely !
prediction: i thought it was a good movie .
truth: oh no worries
prediction: i do not think i ve seen it . i ve never seen it .
truth: it is an entertaining movie . do you like superhero movies ?
prediction: i agree . i wonder if i ve seen it in the theaters but the plot was really good .
truth: ohhhh you know ive actually never seen it
prediction: jaws is a long time ago
truth: i am okay
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: yes i really enjoyed this one .
prediction: hello !
truth: the post came out in 2017 . a movie . would you like to know more about it good sir ?
prediction: hello
truth: hello ! nice to meet you .
prediction: hello !
truth: yeah me too
prediction: oh yeah . i think it s a lot of comedy in that nick .
truth: woody and the other toys get put on the UNK UNK by accident and get sold to a little girl and it all goes down hill
prediction: what is the premise of the movie
truth: i like historical contents . . . . that i have a really good flare of fiction to it
prediction: i think i will watch it again
truth: oh cool
prediction: i have not seen that one directed
truth: it is UNK . i did see it in theater .
prediction: i have not seen it yet but it was worth watching
truth: i do not care for football much but i thought the quick behind the scenes of UNK
prediction: i think she s funny in the slapstick of the world .
truth: the tesseract opening a wormhole was pretty neat .
prediction: i never saw that one . i think that is a great cast .
truth: sounds like a good cast .
prediction: i was not aware by the way that the general villain is not even at the same .
truth: is it interesting ?
prediction: it is one of the best drama and drama about guy s checks and basically is a good checks .
truth: i ve never heard of jim varney but he was a great slinky .
prediction: yes i agree . i liked the whole lot of the toys .
truth: it sounds interesting . does he have a girlfriend in the movie or wife ?
prediction: yes i think he is an interesting cast who killed out on the news right ?
truth: do you typically like animated movies ?
prediction: i agree . i also liked the toys buzz lightyear the toys of buzz lightyear a reindeer for the toys .
truth: in my opinion wonder woman was the best dc comics live action movie they have done to date .
prediction: i have not seen this movie .
truth: it got an average of 8 . 4 in rotten tomatoes
prediction: yeah it is a fantasy drama
truth: what do you thik about the movie ?
prediction: hi
truth: okay
prediction: yes
truth: columbia pictures did awesome production
prediction: i did not know that about the movie from the accidental billionaires the movie was based on a book of facebook
truth: yes . i had read the book first so sort of knew what to expect .
prediction: yes . i think i would have been a bit for that . . .
truth: on the critics it s hard to trust their take . especially if a movie has the right political message etc .
prediction: i think i would like to movies average i would like to see it
truth: that is probably her there s not many female cast members . it could also be holly hunter though .
prediction: i think this superman was great .
truth: wow that is impressive did they win any awards ?
prediction: oh i pretty good !
truth: yeah interesting premise
prediction: oh really . what is the movie about ?
truth: yea thats probably why as well
prediction: i think it was well done by the critics
truth: yes i have a 3 yr old and i like that it has a good message
prediction: i think the movie is good too . i think i would like jason segel as the whole family film .
truth: black comedy
prediction: no but i am not sure but they are saying it but it is not boring at the end
truth: he was a master con artist
prediction: it s a biographical crime movie
truth: so you really liked it
prediction: yes
truth: is not lindsey like the best female actress of all time or what ?
prediction: i do not think i have seen bits of them but i think he s really funny .
truth: oh nice . h
prediction: i am not sure . i am reading about who s secrets and are basically about their targets .
truth: yes i do
prediction: yes i do .
truth: iron man is great movie . robert downey jr . puts on a legendary performance in it .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: hey ! how are you ? i do like them occasionally although i can not say they are my favorites .
prediction: i do like to my kids like thrillers .
truth: hard to believe it came out in 1990 . i remember when kate discovered in flight kevin was missing . that was hilarious .
prediction: i agree . i would say it s on a few years since it was a smart movie to get a rating on rotten tomatoes .
truth: the dragon scene was nice
prediction: ya he got to be a good one
truth: yes it has not been in theaters for a while but i am sure its easy to find with such a UNK cast
prediction: i think so too but i am not sure what i saw it
truth: yes andy is a six year old boy
prediction: voices voices it is a comedy ?
truth: yeah my wife did not have any interest in it
prediction: it s directed by jon favreau
truth: oh that is promising . what were the reviews like ? positive ?
prediction: i think so too . i do not know about the movie that it was based on a true story .
truth: they all have a important role in the plot
prediction: i agree ! i like that they took a lot of the superheroes in this movie
truth: not in info
prediction: he is awesome alone alone his family alone and catherine his family leaves his family on vacation
truth: sounds intriguing . what studio released it ?
prediction: oh that is interesting . what is it about ?
truth: i think it s amazing that he was able to pull it off . but frank abagnale was really smart .
prediction: i love the fact that he was able to pull the book one .
truth: of course this is based on a heroic character with a plot based on a transformation .
prediction: the film is also a marvel character .
truth: i have not who is in that one ?
prediction: no i have not . what is it about ?
truth: so i think that the police officer and the con artist would be good and the sheep and buffolo seems quite funny
prediction: it s a great movie and has a great lesson and some of the characters are really funny
truth: catch me if you can
prediction: the movie is called dunkirk .
truth: how s it going
prediction: what movie are we talking about ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: he has created this character of himself made UNK and all for her
prediction: i think it is a pretty good movie to watch
truth: i have to agree because it was entertaining .
prediction: i think i would have to say that is not that involved .
truth: he actually has a crush on his co worker played by catherine bell so there s some conflict with his relationship with jennifer aniston .
prediction: he complains god and his relationship to god and gets bogged down the russian anchor .
truth: the alien creature UNK to be awful .
prediction: i like thor . how does he UNK ?
truth: yeah .
prediction: i like batman . . she s a bit better .
truth: that is an interesting thought ?
prediction: jim carrey plays a great god for the movie
truth: yeah cant believe it has been 10 years already . . .
prediction: i think so
truth: i thought from the previews that they were UNK wall street culture .
prediction: i am not familiar with him but not sure if that is about a long time to you that movie .
truth: well looks good to me
prediction: he s a good actor
truth: 1990
prediction: it is !
truth: iron man had a better story i felt
prediction: it was a very entertaining movie .
truth: i wonder if this is the first time he s done an animated role .
prediction: i really like how he was not doing as well .
truth: i have read that it received very good reviews .
prediction: did you like the movie ?
truth: yae me too i like the UNK very much what is the UNK name
prediction: yes
truth: good afternoon what did you think about the wonder woman movie ? have you ever seen any other dc comics movies ?
prediction: hello
truth: absolutely ! what movie ?
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: but iron man suit control the tony
prediction: iron man captain america the hulk he creates and his parents to take him to become a volcano .
truth: no everyone is not a bunny it seems we have a fox named nick wilde and african buffalo played by idris elba
prediction: the ratings that the ratings are not bad
truth: u UNK
prediction: i like her too . . . .
truth: is this iron man a new movie or an older movie ?
prediction: what is in the movie ?
truth: since i did not watch it was it a family appropriate movie ? my kids like superheros but have to make sure it is clean .
prediction: i am not sure about mark zuckerberg . i am not into a big fan of mark zuckerberg .
truth: so is it realistic ?
prediction: i like the cast as well
truth: i like steve carr ell for the most part .
prediction: that is a good one .
truth: everyone did really good in this one
prediction: i think right right right right right for sure
truth: i did . rober downey jr . was a good choice to play the superhero
prediction: i thought he was a great actor . he was great in this movie . i thought he was great in this movie . what about you ?
truth: i like most things that odenkirk is in
prediction: i agree . i agree . i think the post of post is a great film .
truth: when did it come out ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: i think it was quite a while ago that it came out was not it ? does it say who the actors are in your paragraph ?
prediction: i have not seen it yet .
truth: i enjoyed it also . do you know who played alfred in that one ?
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: i know .
prediction: i do not think i have seen this one . have you ?
truth: wow i would think that i would like it
prediction: i have not seen it but i like it . i like it .
truth: a giant man eating shark attacks people on an island and has to be taken care of
prediction: it is a thriller about two sisters and it s called it s land and basically is a real british cryptanalyst
truth: you can definitely over do it .
prediction: i would think it s a black comedy . i think it was a long time ago but still easily good .
truth: steve carell is also in the movie as jim carrey s rival .
prediction: jim carrey plays god was a good choice in the movie as well as that
truth: i am not sure about that but i did feel it was right for his job to be terminated .
prediction: i think he s a good choice .
truth: what did you think of the special effects ?
prediction: i think she did a really good job . the cast of the film .
truth: what did you think about gal gadot playing wonder woman
prediction: oh really .
truth: i love biographies . was the movie faithful to how things actually happened or did they change up stuff
prediction: oh i have not heard of him before .
truth: yes have you seen black UNK ?
prediction: i think the critics are the one who terrible the dark .
truth: i thought joss whedon did a great job bringing everything together in this one
prediction: i have not seen many movies
truth: thor is great
prediction: what did you think about the movie ?
truth: who stars in it ?
prediction: oh i have not seen it but i have not seen any popular .
truth: robert downy junior makes an excellent iron man
prediction: yes i like iron man .
truth: i like how they managed to bring a bunch of characters together but it did not feel UNK . it was a great culmination to the individual movies .
prediction: i thought it was really good . i also like the idea of the movie though .
truth: we are discussing toy story
prediction: i am doing fine
truth: no i have not never even heard of it
prediction: yes i have . i was a little bit about it
truth: i like action and comedy movies
prediction: yes i have .
truth: this movie is a family movie
prediction: yeah !
truth: cool . what did you think about judy ?
prediction: i liked the sloth scene . . .
truth: why do the toys think they will be replaced
prediction: yeah animated actually actually
truth: when did the movie come out ?
prediction: i like the tom of a dog ! ! ! ! ! !
truth: he came out of foster care
prediction: oh i do not know
truth: but personally i think it s a great movie
prediction: i do not think i ve seen any awards that awards
truth: he is an excellent villain i think . funny too
prediction: i think the ratings that they were well done .
truth: yes sometimes
prediction: i like the actors in the movie
truth: it is a 2014 action movie actually featuring keanu reeves
prediction: it s a very good movie i am not sure what i am most about the movie but i would not recommend it .
truth: military high tech they ought to be able to make a great story
prediction: i am not sure about that but i am not sure about that type of movie
truth: i really enjoy movies that try to add something for the parents that have to be there . that is a great point .
prediction: i agree that it was inspired by hans christian andersen and the screenplay and their lovers to judy and the beast and their parents and was awesome .
truth: hello
prediction: yes
truth: ya
prediction: i would love to see it as a bit
truth: hot as always
prediction: yes is the weather in the weather ?
truth: of course ! theyre the best !
prediction: i am not a fan of the movie
truth: i think it s a very funny animation my kids love it and we watched it so many times !
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: i think it was really solid super hero movie that opened itself up to the marvel universe . a good start to the iron man trilogy as well .
prediction: i like robert downey jr . did you like the movie ?
truth: really good description of what goes on during the movie . i have not seen dunkirk but the way it s described is very detailed .
prediction: yeah i think so too .
truth: well there is not much of fiction in this but you will love it
prediction: i like that it is a historical political rating
truth: oh ok
prediction: oh i like that
truth: i do too . i love netflix . you can find pretty much anything there . i am sure it s on there .
prediction: i did not remember that .
truth: i am not the biggest fan of musicals . . however . . some i can handle . . .
prediction: i think i would like to see the story . i am talent the character out .
truth: yeah i guess you are right . i wonder how much wiggle room they actually ended up making for themselves
prediction: i liked the fox of UNK the stereotypes was not the entire though .
truth: is it more a holiday film ?
prediction: i think i saw it in theaters . i think that is a long time
truth: oh i see and whats his role ?
prediction: i agree
truth: seems like the entire movie is about making money .
prediction: yes . . .
truth: interesting .
prediction: trevor it ?
truth: yeah
prediction: i like sports movies
truth: are there a lot of special UNK ?
prediction: did you like the movie ?
truth: nick carraway .
prediction: i am not sure
truth: it s about a shark that attacks people in new england . it s a classic horror film .
prediction: it s a historical political thriller . it s about a princess who freezes left on a giant from shark .
truth: very cool i like UNK character too .
prediction: i have not seen it . i love liam neeson alfred .
truth: that is good lol
prediction: have you seen the movie catch ?
truth: in my opinion i think disney does a fantastic job at picking the people for these parts
prediction: i think she s great in this movie
truth: could be . i do not remember . i saw it a while ago . the voice actors are good . i do not remember who they are though .
prediction: they are right . the ratings ! like it was better than the same name !
truth: pretty good
prediction: i like comic movies
truth: john wick
prediction: i have seen it but i am not sure what it is .
truth: is it about a high school ?
prediction: so nice
truth: yes i saw too and i like it
prediction: oh i like it .
truth: why a fan of UNK ?
prediction: yes it is a comedy movie
truth: it is probably my favorite disney movie d
prediction: i agree . i have not seen it but i have not seen it but i have not seen it .
truth: all of them or the first ?
prediction: i like him as the terrence howard
truth: it is about a world populated by UNK mammals .
prediction: it s a really good comedy . it s a historical drama about animals stereotypes .
truth: i like avengers .
prediction: i am a 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 in my opinion
truth: i did not see it either but its on my list
prediction: i did not know that was the first movie
truth: i ve heard of it . was it a good movie ?
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: maleficent with angelina jolie .
prediction: i am good . how are you ?
truth: yes i like to recommend real steel which is a 2011 movie starring hugh jackman and dakota goyo .
prediction: hello
truth: hi i am good i hope you are too .
prediction: good how are you ?
truth: i dont know much about the director but its a good movie
prediction: education
truth: oh yeah . i love tina fey
prediction: i think it s a pretty good one too .
truth: that fits mr potato head then
prediction: i did not know that toy story was a toy story of me
truth: do you think super heroes are UNK up in UNK movies ?
prediction: what do you think about the movie ?
truth: ultimately yes .
prediction: oh that sounds like a good one .
truth: i have not seen the movie in awhile i do not remember all of the specific scenes
prediction: i agree . i liked the scene where the movie ends up being a small fortune in gotham comic .
truth: comedy animation
prediction: it s a sci animated film
truth: i UNK and i always choose that movie for the kids because i like it so much .
prediction: i agree . i liked the way that he s not really do not you think ?
truth: i absolutely recommend it you can see it pretty much anywhere now .
prediction: i think the movie is a great film .
truth: i am jealous
prediction: im ok . i really enjoyed it
truth: i like him .
prediction: yes i did !
truth: have you heard of how to train your dragon ?
prediction: i am not sure
truth: who is the main character of the movie ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: hello
prediction: no i have not .
truth: are you a keanu reeves fan ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: how are you ?
prediction: hello
truth: yeah they were pretty funny with their gibberish .
prediction: that was really good . i also thought the scene number was a good scene
truth: i feel like i watched it yesterday
prediction: if you agree
truth: does this movie have good reviews
prediction: i am not to try to monster watch the movie the plot .
truth: i think you should because leo becomes a pilot a doctor and other exciting characters
prediction: it s a neo noir . i would like to see the movie . it s very funny . 1 10 on rotten tomatoes
truth: he did seem to enjoy himself
prediction: i so be sure . i so that is !
truth: what genre is it ?
prediction: i feel like morgan freeman is .
truth: when did it come out ?
prediction: i like jonah hill
truth: what else you like most
prediction: yes
truth: it s about a guy that is super smart and changes his identity
prediction: the movie is about a guy who is trying to evacuate the death of his vintage
truth: which is a really good family movie
prediction: oh that sounds good !
truth: gru was a likable UNK .
prediction: i did not either either . i was just a fan of his girlfriend but it was a long time ago
truth: lol
prediction: oh . . . . i guess i know it is not
truth: briefly tell me the story
prediction: i have seen it but i have seen it .
truth: ok cool what genre is the film ?
prediction: yes i like it . what do you think ?
truth: hello there . i do too . have you seen monsters university yet ?
prediction: hi
truth: hey
prediction: hello
truth: okay . what do you think about the reviews
prediction: is he princess princess pine ?
truth: ah do you mind explaining a little bit ? like i said i ve never seen it .
prediction: i did not like the movie but i guess the movie would have been higher . i could not go wrong
truth: new york city as well as long island
prediction: it was place by the fbi agent
truth: mike wazoski got the bug from the school trip to monsters inc and decided he was going to be a scarer
prediction: i liked the scene where sulley decided to monsters inc and decided his father was missing by zeus
truth: yep
prediction: i think it s a twelve scene for me
truth: the movie is not a thriller it s a superhero drama set during the backdrop of world war 1
prediction: that is a great movie
truth: well it surrounds his audience with amazing images and UNK accomplished set pieces .
prediction: i am a big fan of them .
truth: i loved his role in bruce almighty though . morgan freeman was excellent as usual too .
prediction: i agree .
truth: he is pretty amazing .
prediction: i am not sure why he is in this movie as a kid
truth: the UNK sister elsa is the snow queen UNK of her magical powers
prediction: it s a really good movie
truth: it was very funny .
prediction: i think it was funny smart with the critics in its funny
truth: my favorite character is buzz he seems to be the most UNK character
prediction: i am not sure but it s also from reading that the first feature
truth: the name of the movie is iron man .
prediction: i am not familiar with the others
truth: yes i thought it was really cute . i love animals and animation movies !
prediction: i liked it . i enjoyed the animation of it . i liked it .
truth: yes
prediction: hello !
truth: what s the name of this movie ?
prediction: the movie is called the wolf of wall street
truth: mee too
prediction: also
truth: leonardo always makes good movie . and tom hanks .
prediction: that sounds interesting .
truth: she does bring a richness to the role that is hard to capture . what was her best scene in the film in your opinion ?
prediction: i think i am still about the film that for the second scene since . the joker is getting the film in your opinion .
truth: i love christian bale . he is a decent actor . do you think this movie is appropriate for kids ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: would you recommend it to people under the age of 18 ? would it be an age appropriate movie ?
prediction: i like her too !
truth: yes he was
prediction: i like him
truth: yes is beautiful girl
prediction: yes he was !
truth: no idea !
prediction: i did not know that .
truth: creature is really nicely done
prediction: i did not know that . i was reading it was based on a book
truth: after his parents leave a couple of burglars attempt to break into his home knowing the kid kevin is all alone .
prediction: it is a great lesson for
truth: i liked evan almighty a little more
prediction: i like bruce almighty in it
truth: i have seen it and i liked it .
prediction: no i have not .
truth: yesss
prediction: i like that it s a super hero movie
truth: are you there ?
prediction: good . have you seen the movie the social network ?
truth: disney has done it again releasing another great movie i see called frozen
prediction: i am doing sure
truth: hey
prediction: hello
truth: what city is judy located in ?
prediction: i agree .
truth: i think it was chris columbus who directed it .
prediction: i think it s hard to be a UNK UNK .
truth: yes i am . i am just reading through the document here trying to find something to talk about .
prediction: yes i mean UNK .
truth: hah that sounds great
prediction: yeah i think he s a pretty good actor and he played an god grace connelly
truth: my favorite scene is when the UNK girl got the UNK UNK !
prediction: i agree ! i think that is a very good actor .
truth: hm not sure .
prediction: i do not think i would watch that either
truth: yes i have heard of it .
prediction: not yet . i have not seen it
truth: well rotten tomatoes does not always accurately score movies .
prediction: is it a good movie ?
truth: that is true . overall both scores are decent
prediction: what was your favorite scene ?
truth: the voice cast include kristen bell and idina menzel .
prediction: it s a musical movie about toys and king to her sister and beauty live through the fox .
truth: yes
prediction: i like the movie as well
truth: i cant believe it was UNK in 2008
prediction: he is a good actor !
truth: so have you seen it ?
prediction: oh ok
truth: yes . i am ready for more female superhero movies .
prediction: i have not seen a good movie in my opinion but it does have a lot of action in the movie .
truth: it was a movie set on wall street about men who work on wall street and the fbi agents who try to bring them down for illegal behavior
prediction: i love leonardo dicaprio as jordan belfort s stockbroker and jonah hill
truth: i also think it really is what led pixar to grow with the success it had
prediction: i agree . i really liked the movie the first scene i liked the movie .
truth: it s been years since i ve seen it
prediction: i agree . i have never read the book that kevin was based on a true story .
truth: ah yes
prediction: i think she did a good job as he s a really good actor .
truth: and therefore no power for the suit
prediction: i agree
truth: she does suffer greatly in the end due to the actions of her husband .
prediction: scorsese plays jordan belfort as a stockbroker his business partner donnie and fraud the year
truth: are we supposed to be discussing movies her ? if so are we supposed to discuss current movies or movies on the horizon ?
prediction: yes he is a good actor .
truth: wow you must really like it . do you have kids who like it ?
prediction: it is a very good movie
truth: definately . . but this movie puts a comedy twist to it
prediction: it is a very funny movie
truth: when did the movie come out ?
prediction: i am not sure i have seen the cast of the movie .
truth: yes definitely . the characters were very relate able and the story line was really engaging .
prediction: i agree . i really like how they can relate to .
truth: UNK
prediction: yes
truth: UNK even in the movie ?
prediction: oh wow . . . . . i think that is what happens to be
truth: i like loki
prediction: i like the actors in this movie
truth: great cast . . . robert downey jr . mark ruffalo chris hemsworth and scarlett johansson
prediction: it was released in 2012 .
truth: great director
prediction: yes
truth: christian bale starred as bruce wayne aka batman
prediction: it is a great movie that came out in 2008
truth: i liked the movie . fun get away from reality
prediction: i like the movie as well .
truth: martin scorsese did a good job with this film
prediction: yes .
truth: true we need strong female role UNK for our daughters
prediction: yeah i think it would be a good one
truth: yeah a part two would be epic
prediction: i do not think i have seen the movie recently but it was about fighting UNK
truth: i agree . every character from slinky the dog to woody to buzz was wonderfully cast
prediction: i agree that the rating was a lot
truth: hahaha maybe thats why d ratings are low
prediction: i think the movie is about a couple to the book and going for this movie
truth: it s definitely one of the most successful animated movies too .
prediction: s the best kids movie ?
truth: did he face a lot of adversity
prediction: i do like the part of the blind side
truth: elsa only because her outfit though
prediction: i think it was a little more
truth: sure not as good
prediction: i did not know that . i think the story line was a great choice for sure .
truth: gotcha
prediction: i agree
truth: at times but that happens in scientific movies
prediction: i think the actors were pretty good .
truth: how to train your dragon
prediction: i am good . i am a big fan of the movie .
truth: i just could not get into it
prediction: i think it was interesting .
truth: i have not seen that movie .
prediction: yes i have !
truth: yep you are not missing anything . i did not like it .
prediction: i have . i love leonardo dicaprio .
truth: hey have you ever seen wonder woman ?
prediction: hello
truth: wow 10 000 in the 70 s would have been a pretty good UNK amount of money .
prediction: i did not think jaws was based on a book ?
truth: i got back UNK with it all after his mother got on a flight back to him .
prediction: i think it was pretty good for a long time ago so i am sure it was a great movie .
truth: that is disappointing that it was not a better movie
prediction: i do not know about that either . i do not usually like movies in general .
truth: yes that is a big part of the appeal for me too
prediction: i think plus too . i think it should be higher .
truth: oh ha your a kid to me . i am 51
prediction: yes it is a great movie for a movie of a kid and an adult bashing .
truth: oh okay . how long is it ?
prediction: is it a romantic comedy ?
truth: exactly . i think it would have been less funny if you will if it was something other than a fish
prediction: i think it would be a more appealing for children .
truth: wait back up . what is he shooting ?
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: did you get an article ?
prediction: lol
truth: oh wow that is a really strong cast with a great director .
prediction: streep streep . is it a good movie ?
truth: hulk smash !
prediction: i think so too
truth: hi . this move stars jim carrey and jennifer aniston
prediction: yes i have to see that
truth: some at good others are not which one ?
prediction: yes i am
truth: hi !
prediction: hello !
truth: this film stars a mute janitor
prediction: have you seen the movie the blindside ?
truth: howdy ! have you seen the social network ?
prediction: hello
truth: it was made in 1995 so its pretty old .
prediction: i am not sure . i am a fan of movie so i ve heard of him .
truth: i like the inception movie actor UNK
prediction: what is the jaw of this film
truth: naturally
prediction: haha
truth: but way better than that UNK forest bump
prediction: i like tom hanks and christopher walken
truth: i think this is a sad romantic movie ? i forget the name but i think i have read the book . . .
prediction: is there a lot of more about ?
truth: steven spielberg is a great director .
prediction: a 96 . 96 on rotten tomatoes .
truth: i know . i think the story line is really good .
prediction: i do not know
truth: no i like horror movie
prediction: yes
truth: UNK en tomatoes gives it a 97 and imdb an 8 10
prediction: it is a very good comedy and comedy is about jaws and puts to the water
truth: do you agree with the rating of rotten tomatoes given to that movie ?
prediction: i do not think i would have to check it out .
truth: nah just once i thought you did because you seem to like it
prediction: no . i liked it more than just the time . i think the movie was pretty good .
truth: i never saw it in 3 d either i watched it on tv long after it came out
prediction: i really liked the way to the movie . i think it was funny smart and adults !
truth: yeah and that the director byron howard decided to make the fox the cunning UNK animal !
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: who is the star of the film ?
prediction: i think it was a good movie
truth: i am great thanks !
prediction: great !
truth: american crime films ?
prediction: i agree . i think this movie deserves a score of a score of a 100 on cinemascore .
truth: the avengers can not decide how to approach loki and shield
prediction: it s got a rating on rotten tomatoes . it s great for kids too
truth: then his parents were murdered by a mugger named joe chill .
prediction: i think he did a good job
truth: yeah the usual
prediction: oh yes .
truth: did you know that tina fey wrote this movie ?
prediction: i think they did it for the movie because i think it was directed by a swarm of the death in the movie
truth: i would recommend you to watch it . its directed by christopher nolan . . . it might be .
prediction: it s also directed by steven spielberg
truth: and you did not think they did a good job ?
prediction: i am not sure if i am a big fan of movies but i am sure it was a good idea .
truth: it s directed by chris sanders and dean deblois .
prediction: it s a black comedy .
truth: their parents die in the storm
prediction: i am not sure
truth: is there more to the story line ? for example why does he receive omnipotence by god ? what kind of challenges does he have to face with it ?
prediction: i think it s a great movie .
truth: since it supposedly takes place in the amazon i wonder if there are good scenery shots as well ?
prediction: i am not sure if that is a good choice .
truth: he tries to make daisy his love show up .
prediction: it is a war movie
truth: 89 percent is pretty high on rotten tomatoes is not it ?
prediction: i really like the movie .
truth: i am personally UNK to superhero movies .
prediction: i have not seen this movie but i am not a big fan of the movie .
truth: oh awesome i ve never seen that film before always wanted to .
prediction: oh i have not seen that movie but i have not seen it yet but i have not seen it .
truth: hi how are you ?
prediction: i do . i think i agree .
truth: can you see the article ?
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: new york definitely saw some great theater and music in the twenties . have not watched a lot of luhrmann s work
prediction: twenties is billionaire .
truth: i agree . the whole movie is UNK full of action sequences .
prediction: yeah it was a good one and i thought he was a great actor .
truth: sure ! joan allen plays the part of anne hamilton and james marsden plays lon hammond jr .
prediction: yes i love movies too !
truth: yes well . . . not really . but i had my UNK !
prediction: the movie got a cinemascore of a
truth: yes he did a great job
prediction: i like jim carrey as a actor
truth: why do you think judy wants to be an officer ?
prediction: can you tell me more about the job ?
truth: not in info he was left behind when he was sent to his room for fighting
prediction: yes it is a political thriller
truth: i think iron man can do it all on his own .
prediction: i liked the avengers . i think they are not as well . what do you think about the key scene ?
truth: the ratings really reflect how well it did
prediction: i saw it on wall street it got wall street in it !
truth: meta critic only gives it 65 that is not low or high .
prediction: i am not sure that billy crystal is the director for the role .
truth: all good ! i think how batman became a super hero was interesting . the death of his parents sparking it and all .
prediction: i agree with the rotten tomatoes score of 27 . i really like the movie of the film .
truth: i really enjoyed it . i think disney did a really great job . what did you think about it ?
prediction: i thought it was a good way to enjoy it and how i was reading it a while
truth: that sounds like a pretty good review ! what s it about ?
prediction: i have not seen it yet but i have seen it in theaters .
truth: its where marvel started
prediction: it s a superhero movie .
truth: i have . i normally like cumberbatch but this movie was boring .
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: hi there ! yes i am looking at the movie . . .
prediction: yes i have . i have not seen it .
truth: i ve never heard of metacritic had you ?
prediction: it does not seem like it s a bit to watch .
truth: i usually like dramas with UNK in them in UNK al
prediction: i think it s a good movie
truth: famous billionaire throwing lavish parties awaiting his ex lover sounds old school romantic . soul search en route
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: sometimes being as i have kids . i am looking forward to introducing this one partially because pixar is quite skilled at creating films that tickle adult fancy
prediction: yes i do . i do not think so . what is your favorite scene in the movie ?
truth: how long is it ?
prediction: i remember him .
truth: hahaha yeah . good for him !
prediction: oh that is true . i also liked the one part !
truth: what are the themes of the film ?
prediction: is it about a book ?
truth: it feels like watching a broadway musical to be honest .
prediction: i think the last one were good too .
truth: you should watch it . sandra bullock does a great job as the mom
prediction: oh i like him . it s a very movie movie i am sure it is based on a 1996 novel
truth: i agree he put together a great lineup of actors and actresses
prediction: yes i agree
truth: interesting i am glad you enjoyed the film .
prediction: it would be interesting to see how zack snyder have been described in the movie .
truth: interesting ! is it considered a good movie ?
prediction: i have not seen that movie .
truth: does the movie show violence ?
prediction: oh wow that sounds very good
truth: what actors are in it ?
prediction: oh nice . what kind of movie is it ?
truth: no i have not
prediction: it is a very funny movie .
truth: a kid who gets left behind when his family goes on vacation
prediction: it s about a boy who is left behind his family who went on christmas vacation to paris for christmas vacation
truth: yeah he always surprise me with his UNK . he is no superman but he takes a lot of hits
prediction: i agree with the critics .
truth: it was a great comedy for 2003 and the movie was great i could see myself playing a role lol
prediction: i think it is a good score from 2009 to god
truth: i do not really remember their names but the guy that played big mike the main character was not bad
prediction: i like sandra bullock
truth: well it was kind of a big deal
prediction: that sounds like a historical movie i have not seen it
truth: nice . do you happen to know the runtime of the movie ?
prediction: so there are some good actors in it .
truth: we need 3 comments UNK about the paragraph i see .
prediction: yes it s a great movie
truth: i really liked the music in the movie . good score .
prediction: i agree . i think the animation was good .
truth: okay thanks . what is the movie about ?
prediction: i like the way of the cast .
truth: jim carrey and jennifer aniston
prediction: the movie is robert downey jr . is a professional villain who directed it ?
truth: i am not certain
prediction: that sounds interesting
truth: tell me about it
prediction: it is a comedy movie that is a kid friendly movie
truth: very nice . how is the weather over there ?
prediction: yes
truth: which movie is it ?
prediction: i like the first one .
truth: hi how are you ?
prediction: hello ! i am a big fan of the comic movies . how about you ?
truth: not much have you seen this movie ?
prediction: how are you
truth: what is up ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone
truth: yes though some were a little harsh on the coming of age message . i think it delivers it in a nice way without being too heavy handed
prediction: i am not sure i like the book but i think it was interesting
truth: wow 53
prediction: i think it was a princess story of a grown year old and is scared with a lot of drama .
truth: yes
prediction: yes
truth: okay
prediction: i think you should really like how it s rated not a major spielberg film .
truth: check out some of these reviews
prediction: i am a fan of musicals del toro s in the movie so it s not super in the document of the movie .
truth: i am interested in reading his biography now and comparing historical accuracy .
prediction: i agree . i do love pixar movies especially on the document i have been done .
truth: interesting sounds like a movie i would like .
prediction: so the movie has ? with a 92 of action in it
truth: i think they are a bit biased they always seem to be with heavily advertised movies .
prediction: yeah i think it would be good
truth: yes i agree
prediction: i think robert downey jr . as tony stark iron man was great
truth: it seems to be a movie about a thief who steals secrets from peoples dreams . have you seen it ?
prediction: it s about a young who is mistakenly left football player in the movie
truth: uh oh
prediction: i like the movie
truth: no i have not . what is it about ?
prediction: i have not seen it but i ve seen it it has a lot of good actors .
truth: good afternoon ! we ll be talking about iron man today . have you seen it ?
prediction: hello !
truth: hi
prediction: i like comedies
truth: have you seen the movie jaws ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: i totally agree
prediction: i think that it is based on the comic book world .
truth: what makes it a drama that seems kind of boring
prediction: is it a drama ?
truth: what was the name of the heroine
prediction: so does the movie come out ?
truth: i did not remember russell brand being the actor for him but it makes sense . . .
prediction: nefario . nefario nefario is great in the film .
truth: it says that even nolan did not know who he was .
prediction: i think the movie was great .
truth: right . the ratings by critics and audiences are both high
prediction: yes . i like the movie and the director was really great .
truth: yes then i am afraid to enter the water
prediction: yes
truth: it earned that one too ! casting mark ruffalo as the hulk was genius . i never would have thought of that .
prediction: the plot was pretty decent .
truth: that sounds exciting .
prediction: the movie is jaws based on a book of amity island and its available in the ocean and how they are the shark
truth: yeah
prediction: the movie is about a giant giant army private and named chief bogo as the main characters
truth: it s a 1975 movie inspired from a book with the same name
prediction: i have seen it multiple roy and one of the best
truth: yes there is a little plot twist too .
prediction: it s a little about on his parents and his puppy and has a rivalry of other movies
truth: is it about that women who falls in love with the sea creature man
prediction: i have not
truth: this is one of my favorites ever
prediction: i have seen it was a great movie with leonardo dicaprio in it
truth: sorry had to read the UNK !
prediction: i am reading the document document you la la land
truth: have you seen the wolf of wall street ?
prediction: how are you ?
truth: i liked jim carey more .
prediction: i think it s a long time . i guess it s pretty dark but not that much
truth: what do you think you would like about it
prediction: i think they have a good job
truth: he is a film director . also sorry i just saw in the document that movie is 106 minutes long .
prediction: i think he is a good actor .
truth: she played his wife
prediction: i am not sure about that .
truth: who starred in the movie ?
prediction: action is also in the movie
truth: oh yeah its awsome you should watch it like today
prediction: i do not think i would like it as much
truth: actually you make a good point .
prediction: i think i would have to watch it again lol lol
truth: yeah i liked dicaprio s performance a lot . he was really convincing in the jobs he acted in .
prediction: i would say that is true for the film .
truth: oh that sounds cool
prediction: is he good at the bad of evil ?
truth: do you think whedon directed the movie great or no ?
prediction: i agree . i would have to watch the movie because he is a great actor for his families .
truth: i think it s very entertaining and there s a lot of stuff going on so it keeps being interesting
prediction: i like the best part of the movie i think it s very good !
truth: i do not typically watch war movies but i think i would watch dunkirk because of the action of war movies and the good ratings it got
prediction: he is a good actor in this movie . i do not think he was a good actor in this movie .
truth: elsa is my favorite character too . what other characters do you like ?
prediction: mine is really funny he is my favorite character .
truth: back in 1995
prediction: it s about a animated movie that is a cute movie
truth: there is quite a bit of critical response that is positive
prediction: it s a thriller that dunkirk for the british of dunkirk .
truth: hey
prediction: hello
truth: yeah there was a lot going on in this movie but i feel like it lacked motive .
prediction: i do not know who was the first scene in the movie
truth: yes definitely and how they discovered their worth was not just with andy and he still loved them .
prediction: i liked the way they showed the toys in the cave and the birds to be so funny
truth: yes . i love science fiction movies . science fiction movies really interest me especially since they draw on actual science .
prediction: yes . i do .
truth: i wonder if it is available online like on netflix or hulu . i will have to see if i can find it later .
prediction: i think it was a decent movie .
truth: i do not know
prediction: who is the main character ?
truth: it s about tony stark an UNK who builds a technologically advanced armor for himself .
prediction: i did not know that it was inspired by a hans christian andersen fairy .
truth: helen mirren is also excellent at these movie voices
prediction: i agree ! i also liked it in 3d
truth: for that reason its a great movie for families . it offers comedy for all ages .
prediction: did you like it ?
truth: oh did it seem like a movie yo would be interested in ?
prediction: oh ok . i am not sure rachel is it a lot of action ?
truth: good
prediction: i like the movie
truth: macaulay culkin as kevin
prediction: it s about a boy who is mistakenly left behind his house birthday and his friend with his car with his birthday
truth: im good
prediction: i am doing well how about you ?
truth: i am fine thank you . how are you today ?
prediction: i am doing great thanks .
truth: hi
prediction: hello !
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: sure i am sure other movies have gotten that as well .
prediction: the main characters are a lot of people i feel like the characters seemed dull
truth: yeah he does have good hair
prediction: i like that it s a really good movie to watch
truth: right . how long is the movie ?
prediction: i would like to see the movie i have not seen
truth: but climax too bored
prediction: is too bad
truth: done
prediction: kind of is it a time i dont remember
truth: fair enough
prediction: i do not think i would like any awards
truth: ok i might have to check it out
prediction: ok
truth: it s a romantic drama .
prediction: oh okay . . . i have to see it .
truth: yes i like the character . a buffalo as a police chief is just perfect .
prediction: i do not think chief s husband in these days . it s very funny but i think it s very funny movie
truth: so which toy story movie are we talking about ?
prediction: i think i saw that movie . does he get to steal the moon ?
truth: i like margot robbie .
prediction: it is based on a true story .
truth: yeah he s great . thor and loki always play off each other well .
prediction: it was a great movie .
truth: have you seen wolf of wall street ?
prediction: the movie is the imitation game
truth: hello there we are going to be talking about the avengers .
prediction: hi
truth: sounds like another batman movie
prediction: yes i have seen this movie
truth: hi there
prediction: hello
truth: could you tell me about a scene ?
prediction: i can not imagine why i would like it out what s the reviews on the movie i would have to see that movie .
truth: yes i think they were pretty good . what are your thoughts about the plan to infiltrate UNK s dream ?
prediction: i would have to agree with the supporting actors
truth: are you for real
prediction: the movie came out in the fall
truth: UNK years after his parents death the guy who killed them gets out of jail and bruce sets out to kill him
prediction: what is the alley fear fear in the movie ?
truth: understandable
prediction: i do not think i will seen it either
truth: yikes . john lasseter was just UNK of UNK in the media !
prediction: oh wow . i can not believe that there was a sequel
truth: yes i have it was very nice although i did not think it was very true to the life of alan turing . how about you ?
prediction: i have not . i have not seen it but i have not seen it .
truth: i know ! i was born but we did not make it a tradition until later .
prediction: i always always wondered about that it came out in 1990
truth: i like the action
prediction: i like the whole thing !
truth: there are many connection to real life as far as race class religion
prediction: its a shame one movie about superheroes and the way we are more about and the whole city
truth: i think the movie is more serious
prediction: yes
truth: yea he is ok he does a good job with iron man
prediction: yes i like him
truth: i am doing great you ?
prediction: i am great .
truth: oh hi
prediction: yes i do . i like them .
truth: good
prediction: good and you ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: for rotten tomato
prediction: i do not think i have seen the movie but i am not sure if they were still good .
truth: i do not really pay attention to the ratings .
prediction: yes i do .
truth: he ate all of UNK cheese pizza then started acting out throwing up
prediction: that is true .
truth: would you recommend this movie to be watched in theaters or at home ?
prediction: the movie is about the first comedy in the movie
truth: yes . i have a good idea from what i had previously read heard about this story . i ve heard from friends that it was a great movie .
prediction: i have not heard of him before . i have not seen this through but i have not seen t t it was a great movie .
truth: oh ok
prediction: toy story
truth: lol seems interesting so far . whats it called ?
prediction: i think that is a movie i have seen .
truth: i did it had a little something for everyone i think .
prediction: i think that the animation is pretty good . i liked the animation style was a bit slow .
truth: what was your favorite character ?
prediction: i would have to watch it again . i think it s a great part of the movie .
truth: cg
prediction: cg me
truth: i really liked it UNK for a prequel .
prediction: i like movies ! i really liked the music and the animation is pretty good
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: i love dakota about it
truth: i think the movie was pretty good i do not think it was fantastic or anything like that . did you think the reviews it got was UNK ?
prediction: i did not know that !
truth: do you usually check out rotten tomatoes before watching a movie ?
prediction: i have not seen any good movies lately
truth: hello what is the name of the movie ?
prediction: hi
truth: do you like to watch movies ?
prediction: hello
truth: then they rush to the airport without realizing they left their child
prediction: oversleep
truth: okay at first but not soon after hence the burglars lol
prediction: he was a long time ago .
truth: i think its good for anyone over 10 .
prediction: i do not know that it is a movie that the stand is not jim carrey pulling in it and has to be UNK by someone
truth: oh okay
prediction: i am not familiar with the other actors .
truth: i feel that is pretty appropriate for how good the movie was . it was so enjoyable !
prediction: i think that is true . i think the animation did a great job .
truth: the villain is really bad written . you can get why he is doing UNK is doing . i was just seeing a crazy mark zuckerberg trying to do nonsense
prediction: i usually like movies of super hero movies like that .
truth: it sounds a lot like the movie wall street from the 80 s . i ve never seen it but want to .
prediction: did you know it s a true story ?
truth: it was a pretty good movie i thought .
prediction: it s a historical drama film
truth: i agree ! i thought it was really adorable and appreciated the moral of the story
prediction: i thought it was a good movie .
truth: i love slinky dog .
prediction: i liked it a lot .
truth: is it a family movie ?
prediction: the movie is about a boy named kevin and the murder to him his room room him to become his room
truth: it s a historical political picture with actors
prediction: it s a very well cast movie
truth: i guess so
prediction: it s directed by a new girl . . .
truth: it did not get a good rating on rotten tomatoes . i liked it though
prediction: it is a great movie
truth: it s an animated buddy comedy where toys come to life
prediction: it was directed by randy newman .
truth: i do think so . i think this was the perfect role for him .
prediction: i think so . i think the movie was great .
truth: yup ! lol
prediction: i agree . i wonder if it was a sequel or UNK man of a movie
truth: it is not so much like del toro s past work the UNK love story . but he did a great job
prediction: i think it s a good one too from the picture of the cold in the movie .
truth: is there a lot of action scenes ?
prediction: what year is it set in ?
truth: and there seems to have some kind of romantic aspect
prediction: i would have to watch it
truth: when did the movie come out ?
prediction: thats a good movie .
truth: mia was a great character with UNK
prediction: yes i love that movie
truth: yeah i would have to agree with the ratings too
prediction: i agree it was interesting to have done some liberties scenes in it
truth: i wish he had more screentime
prediction: i think he is a good choice for the character .
truth: it has been a while since it has been out
prediction: i think it was a lot of action scenes movie
truth: i did . of course disney pixar are experts at pulling on everyone s heart strings .
prediction: i did not enjoy it . i did not realize that it was really good .
truth: i am not sure . anything else ?
prediction: i think this is a lot of action in the movie
truth: it is a silly character
prediction: her
truth: yep i think it is a good one
prediction: ok
truth: yes it will be UNK
prediction: it was a movie of a
truth: so my kids can watch it ?
prediction: i am not sure what it is .
truth: hello !
prediction: i do .
truth: great character
prediction: i like the iron man in this movie .
truth: and it also gives me nightmares when i see that movie
prediction: yes
truth: pretty good scores
prediction: is it got a rotten tomatoes score ? 100 ?
truth: and who stars in it . . who voices the characters ?
prediction: i like the part of the movie . i should only watch it again my kids ?
truth: can you believe it was made in 2013 ? has it been that long ?
prediction: i think so .
truth: i think victor character is pretty funny love all the stunts and his funny accent !
prediction: i really liked the fact that it was one of the best animated movies i ever seen it
truth: i totally understand .
prediction: i am not sure about that but i am not a big fan of his genre
truth: looks like there is a good mix of characters in this one
prediction: i really like the movie . i really liked how it s called the film not but i am not a big fan of his name .
truth: that sounds like a good movie to me
prediction: it s a comedy that has directed by a french score of a .
truth: yeah it was great . i am a big fan of war movies
prediction: no i dont
truth: mccauley culkin was great
prediction: i think it was a little confusing in the movie . i think it was a kid deal . not a fan of a kid too movie
truth: yes but it got an a on cinemascore
prediction: i think it was a 3d animated musical by steven spielberg .
truth: the plot is a real thrill ride .
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: it s really great . it s a fantasy drama film
prediction: it s a fantasy drama film
truth: or maybe rent anything is reason to UNK . . i would like to talk about a movie called home alone
prediction: what is the movie
truth: i have no idea . so what do you think of gal gadot as wonder woman ?
prediction: it s based on a novel of the same name
truth: i wonder if this movie has won any awards ?
prediction: i think i have not seen the movie
truth: i liked the parts with the reindeer and kristoff an iceman . the reindeer sven was pretty funny .
prediction: i am not sure about that but it did not enjoy it as a broadway for everyone viewers .
truth: might be worth checking out .
prediction: oh i like how how how cute can be a scarer
truth: do you generally avoid movies with the ratings it has received ? e . g . 62 on rotten tomatoes
prediction: i like joe pesci and their chemistry sent .
truth: this seems like a high action movie to me
prediction: i think it is a movie that do you know who directed the film ?
truth: i enjoyed it but there are better movies
prediction: i think i would have to watch it again . i am a big fan of the movie .
truth: oh yeah ? pretty cool UNK ? this movie has 92 on rotten tomatoes that is pretty impressive .
prediction: the fact he played the role of his character .
truth: i thought so too she was an inspired choice for this role .
prediction: i like gal gadot as bruce banner .
truth: really what is it about
prediction: it has a rotten tomatoes score of 96 and average rating is 96 10
truth: oh ok so is it science fiction ?
prediction: who is the main actor ?
truth: yeah i liked the supervillian gru .
prediction: yes
truth: such a great message too . we are all the same and deserve love and respect
prediction: i really like family movies .
truth: yes my 4 year old son loves it
prediction: yes i have .
truth: great thanks !
prediction: i am doing well thanks for asking .
truth: do you want to talk about a movie .
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: he could not bring himself to kill her so he just cut off her wings with iron which is lethal to fairies and took them to the king
prediction: i think so too just know the successor of the film
truth: left alone all because of a rush to get to the airport !
prediction: i agree . i think this movie was great but i am a big fan of the cast
truth: he is hilarious
prediction: it s a very high movie
truth: she was crazy
prediction: i think that she did a good job to the role of that
truth: the first scene is in afghanistan . stories usually UNK a fictional country so not to insult a goverment .
prediction: i agree .
truth: do you usually like movies that are political thrillers ? i tend to just watch thrillers but this has a unique storyline
prediction: i agree . i think the first movie is the first time i can not say if you are going to be a good story .
truth: you really havent sen home alone ?
prediction: i think he did a great job
truth: i think its 1 but who cares all of them are interesting to watch is not it
prediction: if it s about a kid that is a kid that or the first or about it ?
truth: my favorite part is when steve trevor crashes
prediction: i think you are thinking movies . i have not seen the movie is steve vs pine in the movie jenkins
truth: oh okay
prediction: oh ok .
truth: true
prediction: i like the whole comic role batman .
truth: it is about a group of people that go into dreams of other people in order to get important information from their memories .
prediction: i do not think i know what is it about ?
truth: hi ! i have not read the document yet ! i ll read it real quick !
prediction: i think batman is a great movie
truth: yes
prediction: yes i do .
truth: the wolf of wall street
prediction: hi
truth: hello ! the movie is the blind side starring sandra bullock . have u seen it ?
prediction: hi
truth: i like dramas
prediction: he is a good actor .
truth: that is good . i like them as well .
prediction: the movie is filmed in 2016 .
truth: i do ! and i think it UNK back to some of her earlier roles where she plays a sort of dark twisted character
prediction: i agree ! i wonder why the metacritic score is rather low or just the story of the movie is very accurate and still .
truth: that makes sense given the cast
prediction: oh yeah that sounds interesting . what is the movie about ?
truth: i did not catch that either .
prediction: yes that is a good one . i like an animated film is in the movie and the toys turned was dead by a couple person
truth: i see . . . well tell me something more
prediction: who was in the movie ?
truth: oh that sounds kind of boring . he has money ?
prediction: oh that is really good
truth: ikr ? ! we are getting old my friend haha . anyways the most important part is that basically this is the origin story of iron man .
prediction: i think so too . i love this one is in the movie but i love this movie so much .
truth: who was your favorite cast member ?
prediction: i agree . i am more more than any of they are in the avengers .
truth: i may check it out in that case . i love biographical type movies .
prediction: i ve seen it and i think it was funny . i ve never seen it but i ve heard it was very funny .
truth: are you referring to the original specifically
prediction: i think she s a good character for sure !
truth: it s got steve carell as a supervillian and i know he s not everyone s cup of tea but russell brand plays his henchman
prediction: i have not seen it . it s really funny !
truth: is that the one with a bunch of different super heros in it ?
prediction: i did not know that
truth: i am good
prediction: i am good
truth: going good . i am not quite sure what i should do lol
prediction: good thanks for asking
truth: how are you ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: that sounds about right
prediction: i think he s pretty funny when he was a UNK .
truth: movie is 140 mins
prediction: yes he go is the main character leo and he s a great director
truth: 96
prediction: i think i would have to check it out .
truth: oh that is good !
prediction: does the movie have a lot to of these types of movies that are not watching ?
truth: it had two UNK pierre coffin and chris renaud do you remember if it was animated stop action or live action ?
prediction: i can not believe the directed where gru is so cute in the movie
truth: thats about spy and the boat concept
prediction: it is a war movie about war ii
truth: and michael lewis is also the main character big mike right ?
prediction: i think michael michael was shannon in it .
truth: yeah they grow on you . they even have their own follow up movie sequel .
prediction: i like convinced .
truth: yes scary but kind of danger is it in right ?
prediction: yes
truth: anything else about the movie ?
prediction: i think it s been over
truth: good for kids attention UNK but deep enough to have a good amount of plot twists and character development .
prediction: yes it is !
truth: the loki uses the UNK to control every one .
prediction: iron man
truth: i guess depending if you enjoy superhero movies or no it would not be enjoyable if you did not .
prediction: despite it looks like a long time i would like to see
truth: i UNK to wait to watch upcoming series of iron man
prediction: i agree . i also thought chris pine was amazing as tony stark .
truth: when did it come out ?
prediction: who is the director of the movie ?
truth: it s zootopia .
prediction: the movie is catch me if you can
truth: right . you know for this film to be considered adventure i thought there would of been alot more action .
prediction: i do ! i do not think i would have to watch this one of my favorite .
truth: wow how did he steal the pyramid ? !
prediction: unsure . . . is it a comedy ?
truth: i liked the scene where buzz thinks he s a big shot hero but then the camera reveals him to be a tiny toy .
prediction: did you like the UNK of the movie ?
truth: i remember loving it as a kid have not seen it in a loooong time though .
prediction: yeah
truth: ha ha ha ! can not blame em . we would probably put em to work ! where does it get sticky ?
prediction: oh wow thats a nice movie i think
truth: it was directed by chris columbus . joe pesci played harry .
prediction: it is a comedy of his family .
truth: yes he is a good actor that makes me want to see the movie even more .
prediction: it s also good . i can not imagine this movie before .
truth: who is your favorite superhero
prediction: i agree . i would have to watch it again my kids have not seen it .
truth: oh that is good
prediction: warm and warm is good as well
truth: honestly i do not recognize the name . i am a fan of keira knightley . how about you ?
prediction: i am not sure i am a fan of keira knightley . how about you ?
truth: no kidding ! considering it scored an average of 5 . 5 10 on rotten tomatoes it has not UNK as well as one might think .
prediction: oh wow i have not seen that movie ! what is it about ?
truth: what would you rate it out of 10 ?
prediction: i have not seen that movie
truth: i got it
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: so what did you think about the cast of jhon wick ?
prediction: do you like movies
truth: hi
prediction: hi
truth: UNK UNK eht UNK si eivom UNK olleh
prediction: hello
truth: yeah i agree
prediction: i would say it was a little kid .
truth: do you usually like comedies ?
prediction: that is a very good movie .
truth: i think i vaguely remember them saying that . i am sure it s exaggerated of course but it s fun to think about
prediction: i can not believe i have seen it but i ll have to check it out .
truth: they did it has great ratings and i completely agree with the critics on this one . it s a great movie for both children and adults .
prediction: i agree . i liked the music one .
truth: i was glad to see it stayed true to the spirit of the original monsters inc .
prediction: i agree . i would say how they would have to be on the comic book .
truth: absolutely
prediction: i like morgan freeman . he s a good actor .
truth: what was the rating ?
prediction: it s a movie about a man eating shark and shark attacks beachgoers
truth: you liked the movie ? UNK is very funny
prediction: yes i dont like science fiction movies like movies like this one was so cute
truth: how does the storyline go ?
prediction: gordon is gordon levitt .
truth: some of the leading cast include fionn whitehead jack lowden and harry styles
prediction: it s a great action movie . it s a historical thriller based on rotten tomatoes and a cinemascore of a
truth: the name of the movie is catch me if you can if you like spielberg movies this one seems great
prediction: the movie is the wolf of wall street
truth: rachel mcadams too
prediction: yes
truth: well sounds good if you are a child .
prediction: the movie is the wolf of wall street
truth: yes i am here ?
prediction: yes i am here
truth: what is jaws about ?
prediction: what is it about
truth: hi there
prediction: hello
truth: god is played by morgan freeman and by complaining to god about his situation morgan freeman offers him the opportunity to be god for a week .
prediction: he s a hitman and goes to be god for a week .
truth: i remember in living color . one of the first prime time shows i ever watched .
prediction: i think jim carrey is the voice of the movie i think
truth: i thought she did a great job playing his assistant and budding love interest ! what did you think of jeff bridges as obadiah stane ?
prediction: i think he was not as good as the other character . he s a great choice .
truth: do you like chad
prediction: yes
truth: that is a long movie ! does it get boring ?
prediction: what year is it about ?
truth: sorry about that yeah he s man sexy
prediction: oh that is a good point . i do not remember action movies though .
truth: it s got 98 on rotten tomatoes . that seems really high does not it ?
prediction: it s about michael oher and michael oher
truth: let s talk about it more
prediction: i like the way they used to the story line and the people who be up with her body .
truth: wow
prediction: i am not sure about that either .
truth: do you enjoy watching animated movies ?
prediction: i would say the sister and find of the sister i would say icy is also in my opinion .
truth: oher was drafted my the ravens
prediction: oh cool . . .
truth: i do not i am just in for the 2 dollars . . hahaha
prediction: i like movies .
truth: that is pretty solid any big name actors involved ?
prediction: i love that it s a comedy film . i love the movie it was based on a book of other .
truth: oh what is it about ?
prediction: it is about dragon and dragon dragon dragon .
truth: hello did you see wonder woman ?
prediction: yes i do .
truth: how are you
prediction: hello
truth: i actually wish they casted UNK UNK again .
prediction: yea me too . i UNK that to be more about the joke as the whole scene scene
truth: i agree
prediction: i agree with the story of the film . i agree with those story .
truth: he was involved in many movies stunts for matrix UNK he was second UNK director in captain america civil war
prediction: oh yeah i am not sure what is it about ?
truth: is this movie based on a true story
prediction: that was good
truth: yes totally .
prediction: i am not sure about that but i think i agree .
truth: oh a long one huh . did it keep you interested the whole time ?
prediction: i think i saw the movie with a lot of sex and things night into a child
truth: you re not too old like me then
prediction: no
truth: i believe it was michael nyqvist
prediction: i remember that they had some things about the two !
truth: ?
prediction: oh . i have not seen that movie . what is the movie about ?
truth: she really does . she is scary
prediction: i think that is true what angelina did you think about him ?
truth: i saw parts of it . i was not really keen on christian bale as batman . much preferred some of the others .
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen it .
truth: ya i almost always like him in movies
prediction: did you like the movie tom hanks ?
truth: is this a musical ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: i m here
prediction: hello !
truth: hello . so the movie is mean girls . have you ever thought about watching it before ?
prediction: hi
truth: so this movie was from 2005 ? good movie .
prediction: hello
truth: yeah i see rotten tomatoes gave it a 100 that is nearly impossible UNK .
prediction: i agree
truth: what movies have you watched lately ?
prediction: is it a comedy ?
truth: how long is it ? long movies tend to get boring .
prediction: yes ! it s basically some of the us in the 70s of the movie .
truth: i can understand that .
prediction: i think i know that it s a part of movie .
truth: the family he was staying with decided to adopt him
prediction: does he have any other famous to do you like
truth: she is ! i was about to say i had no idea that she could sing
prediction: i agree . i felt that i felt that is a true story she is in the film
truth: oh cool . so do you agree with the rating given to this movie ?
prediction: is not it into a superhero ?
truth: given that the humor is described as slapstick i wonder if it would be reminiscent of the three stooges . . .
prediction: the hulk and the acting of the movie is the first one
truth: not really without giving the movie away since you have not seen it
prediction: i like that they took the minions between the favorite scene
truth: 81 and average 6 . 8 out of 10 what was one of the UNK responses you responded well with ?
prediction: i do not know what rotten tomatoes is saying .
truth: it looks like it . looks like they sampled different groups and they all seems to be around the same average .
prediction: i do not think so this is the first story directed by zack snyder like the movie .
truth: the rabbit
prediction: yes i like the town that he played by the chance
truth: not sure why i have not heard of it before . might need to check this out
prediction: i am not sure . i am not familiar with that .
truth: do you like sci fi movies
prediction: it s a thriller
truth: it s a football movie following the career UNK oher of the ravens . reviews are moderately positive .
prediction: the movie is about the blind side and white perspective of becomes
truth: doing good now that i have someone to talk with about this movie ! how did you like despicable me ?
prediction: i am good thank you .
truth: children seem to pay more attention when things like animals talk haha
prediction: i do not usually much attention to the reviews but this film seems like the critics have a lot of dream .
truth: they added the perfect split i couldnt have done it better myself .
prediction: i think i ve never heard about it but it was a good movie . i wonder if it would be a drama or to be more drama about the
truth: nope . heck yeah for john goodman . the critics seem to be saying it was bland and safe
prediction: i think it s a really good movie . i wonder if it s a musical .
truth: thanks
prediction: oh that is interesting . . . . i like action of animated movies . . .
truth: i like how it is a comedy also
prediction: the metacritic score was 62
truth: especially in the second half into the movie
prediction: i like home alone
truth: i was just noticing that .
prediction: i like how they are able to pull off the christmas for the movie .
truth: did you know that it has 92 on rotten tomatoes ?
prediction: i like the scenes
truth: i am sorry batman begins ! it is a super hero movie .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: i do . inception and UNK are some of my favorite movies .
prediction: yes i do
truth: it is the very first movie in the marvel universe franchise . that UNK UNK 20 movies . can be the start of the ultimate marathon
prediction: yes it is . it s directed by jon favreau .
truth: joseph gordon levitt tom hardy and ellen page are in the cast of inception .
prediction: the movie is john wick .
truth: no
prediction: yes
truth: not a fan but admire her acting skills
prediction: i am a huge fan . batman is a great director and i am a fan of the comic books .
truth: i love it
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: hello . so what is movie are we gonna be discussing today ?
prediction: hi
truth: 2002 like 16 sorry
prediction: i am not sure if i would have to check it out .
truth: steve is a funny man i like him in the office better then this movie too
prediction: steve carell is carrey is a funny .
truth: i do not usually on kids films if my kids are interested a rating wo not deter them .
prediction: i have not seen it but it sounds like it would make it a good rating of a comedy .
truth: how about tim allen
prediction: the toys character woody character
truth: oh nice that seems pretty high up there
prediction: what did you mean about the mute shannon ?
truth: some kind of market crash i guess but i vaguely remember the scene . i do not know what caused it .
prediction: it also has a good rating from rotten tomatoes which is usually impressive .
truth: what do they use to go into the dreams ?
prediction: that sounds like it is a movie to the plot .
truth: i normally only watch old black and white films with no sound .
prediction: i am not sure about that .
truth: awesome under privileged athlete ? like he s poor ?
prediction: i like sandra bullock in this
truth: joe pesci plays harry as a burglar .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: yup
prediction: it got a 98 rating on rotten tomatoes
truth: it is a fantasy drama movie are you into this kind of movies
prediction: i would say when it came out
truth: i agree
prediction: i agree with the reviews too . i thought the 3d was great !
truth: ok what kind of movie is it
prediction: i have seen it
truth: hey goin pretty good .
prediction: hi
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: thank god that the british navy asked civilian boats to get close to dunkirk so that they could evacuate people .
prediction: i would love to see the whole movie .
truth: i was a little kid when it was out my parents would get upset if i watched it lol
prediction: i think the second half was the perfect though
truth: i did not know that . what is your favorite part of the movie ?
prediction: do you like the avengers ?
truth: i actually thought hulk was the worst .
prediction: she is a threat to catch me
truth: i like UNK man becuase of his funny comments and UNK
prediction: i think the ending was the most cheerful series up for the movie at all
truth: it s ok . the music and stuff could be better .
prediction: what did you think of the movie ?
truth: i have not heard too many people talk about it i do not think i ve seen it in theaters either .
prediction: i think it s a good point of this genre .
truth: lindsay lohan is the main character .
prediction: ryan gosling is the main character who is the main character .
truth: the movie overall has great reviews . i agree with what the critics say
prediction: i like the comic of the scene . i like the scene where his dog to be a scarer for a week .
truth: plus i have always been a fan of the dc since a child .
prediction: i do not know why that is . but i do not think i have a favorite scene .
truth: what movie are you referring to ?
prediction: i have not seen it yet
truth: yes i was pleasantly surprised by it ! i was not expecting it to be as good as it was .
prediction: i have not .
truth: what is the movie about ?
prediction: yes it has a lot of action in it .
truth: bruce almighty ! i love jim carrey .
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: nice
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: hey
prediction: hi
truth: great scene .
prediction: i think he is a good brother in it
truth: yeah who was your favorite character ?
prediction: do you think the movie was good ?
truth: why would they leave the child alone ? that is not wise
prediction: not sure
truth: i liked this movie . i would give other movies a chance based off of this film .
prediction: i do not like him .
truth: it is an amazing movie with non stop action
prediction: i think he did a great job as the hulk .
truth: u like katie holmes ?
prediction: and i like him too
truth: wow they are the best
prediction: wow !
truth: yeah same series but this one came out a little earlier in 2012 . it has a bunch of celebrities in it and it s a good movie .
prediction: i love the movie
truth: i can imagine her being scared .
prediction: i like the character
truth: say your name friend .
prediction: so so no oh so jaws or to keep no .
truth: do you like the film ?
prediction: i like sandra bullock s character .
truth: micheal caine
prediction: no i do not . i think he is a good actor .
truth: i only saw parts of it because they were glorifying an asshole .
prediction: i think it was a long time ago
truth: yeah we are ! have you watched the shape of water ?
prediction: i am good . you ?
truth: no i have not ever seen it
prediction: no i have not .
truth: this movie is wonder woman .
prediction: hello
truth: it has themes of UNK and acceptance
prediction: it s a big friendly and entertaining in the 60 animals
truth: wow do they hurt the kid ?
prediction: i think the kid was the house of this movie was a good movie
truth: yeah the characters are pretty fun kids love it
prediction: i think that character was pretty funny .
truth: yeah no wonder it has an 86 percent score on rotten tomatos
prediction: he was great . i also liked the scene where he was a billionaire from the world from the world .
truth: oh okay .
prediction: that is a good rating . do you know who the director of the movie ?
truth: yes pretty much .
prediction: i loved the concept of himself del toro . . . .
truth: apparently frozen has a pretty good score on rotten tomatoes . i have not seen it !
prediction: i have seen it .
truth: yes
prediction: when is the movie released ?
truth: yes rt can be pretty brutal ! the screenplay seems to have been widely praised . i have not seen it it looks like i ought to !
prediction: i have not seen that movie too . i thought lindsay lohan played it in it .
truth: i know right well the movie i am about to talk about is the first one batman begins .
prediction: i am not familiar with that but i like the way he played the wrong to stop loki from the same name
truth: yes definitely a classic ! and 1990 .
prediction: it is a comedy that it came out in 1990 .
truth: of course with robert downy jr ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: ok sir .
prediction: i have a good movie !
truth: i am not sure is that the one that came out in 2008 ?
prediction: yes i have it was great .
truth: yes i have seen despicable me before . have you ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: hello
prediction: hi
truth: what about a rotten tomatos score ?
prediction: is there any other famous in the movie ?
truth: yes and it seems it will be never ending !
prediction: yeah i think it was a good movie and i see the movie is pretty detailed at the time .
truth: so do both characters survive the fight ? i heard it gets pretty brutal .
prediction: what do you think about the movie ?
truth: i guess so if they made a movie about it lol
prediction: oh yeah . i like that it is a comedy that is even though i am sure it is a true drama
truth: right haha .
prediction: oh that is right .
truth: yeah i didnt know that
prediction: i like all of the actors pixar university
truth: it was definitely sad about mikes upbringing
prediction: he is the best one
truth: it lets him fly shoot out UNK and pretty much makes him do anything . it makes him pretty strong as well ! it is pretty cool .
prediction: it is a comedy of a black comedy .
truth: those seem like the only two redeeming factors . but even they could not save 153 minutes of trash .
prediction: yes i like him .
truth: yes the rotten tomatoes score was 98 .
prediction: it s a great movie . it s about a princess who works at the life of the time .
truth: i agree it s one of those comedies that never gets old .
prediction: i like joe pesci as kevin as his girlfriend
truth: monster s university
prediction: it s a 2010 animation
truth: i liked all of the voice actors
prediction: gal gadot is a good actor
truth: cool lets do it
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: lol
prediction: i think the valentine valentine was great .
truth: i like their rating . it s very appropriate . do not you think so ?
prediction: i liked it . i think it was a great movie . how about you ?
truth: oh neat . is there a plot line to the movie ?
prediction: i do not think stereotypes because shes attention to see it .
truth: yeah seriously . they have a sex scene in there .
prediction: i like the way of the movie
truth: yes i do enjoy the humor in this one
prediction: i like the way he was in the movie
truth: it came out in 2003
prediction: oh he is a good actor .
truth: yeah because he thought he was bad
prediction: i also like the green of the toys so it was made and how buzz could help go out the window .
truth: oh . are you planning to see it ?
prediction: that is true . i know that it is a true story of the movie so i would like it
truth: yeah that
prediction: i think it s pretty good for any other movies .
truth: haha yeah ? i ve seen him in other films and liked him . i ve heard good things about this one too .
prediction: oh yeah i really like him . he has done good director . i do not think i remember that part .
truth: oh it must be a really good movie then .
prediction: i see it was a good movie .
truth: well i guess it s supposed to funny . was it funny to you ?
prediction: is it a family friendly ?
truth: oh i really do not care for those
prediction: it s a very good movie
truth: meh . i ve never cared much for war movies .
prediction: i love her movie .
truth: yeah . he was a pretty convincing weapons manufacturer .
prediction: i liked the reviews .
truth: same here . not a big fan of superhero movies .
prediction: i have seen it and i really enjoyed it .
truth: why should i check out this movie i think it will be more for kids . since its disney .
prediction: it s a comedy that that it came out on snow queen bees
truth: hey how are you ?
prediction: hello !
truth: yeah the music would be wonderful to hear being sung by a UNK
prediction: i think it was a good idea
truth: is he a superhero ?
prediction: can you tell me more about the movie ?
truth: thats my favorite type of movie
prediction: yes i do
truth: if it s watchable i ll try to look over the flaws .
prediction: i would like to make sure it s a movie for sure .
truth: yeah
prediction: i like the humor in this movie
truth: waoh thats a good movie
prediction: i like that it is based on a book novel
truth: same before this movie . jaws was also rated 9 . 2 10 thats really well
prediction: i think it would be a great movie to see
truth: it s a superhero film based on the dc comics character batman
prediction: it is a superhero movie
truth: that sounds great
prediction: i do not know much about it .
truth: oh yeah . have u seen it ?
prediction: i like robert downey jr . is a great actor
truth: when was it released ?
prediction: oh i see toy story !
truth: totally a UNK
prediction: i am good
truth: i m great thanks ! are you a fan of animated movies ?
prediction: i am good .
truth: seen any good movies lately ?
prediction: good thanks
truth: who r u ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: hi there
prediction: hello !
truth: oh wow ! he is a great director
prediction: i would say it a lot more even than the other actors ?
truth: lol . that sounds a bit over the top but still kind of funny .
prediction: he is a great actor .
truth: action is good
prediction: it s about how man s team and is attacked by loki in this movie .
truth: yes she does . she leaves because she wants to hunt down the god ares and stop him
prediction: oh yeah .
truth: not all of them
prediction: i like how they are the two of the movies that he is in the movie
truth: i still have not seen the revenant .
prediction: i do not think i ve ever heard of him in the subject matter
truth: i do not believe that it was nominated or won any awards .
prediction: it is a comedy . it also has a good cast of the art cast and the acting is great .
truth: i really like keanu reeves and that does sound interesting !
prediction: i am not sure
truth: it is moderately old released in 2016
prediction: yes and the main character judy hopps and the animation is manipulated trying to learn and destroy the artists .
truth: they also made a 3rd and 4th movie too .
prediction: i think it was quite funny
truth: o UNK ?
prediction: oh ok . .
truth: okk
prediction: ok
truth: oh cool because i havent
prediction: yes
truth: yes i have ! such a cute movie .
prediction: yes i have
truth: hi ! have you seen the movie despicable me ?
prediction: hello !
truth: lets talk about the wolf of wall street
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: thor is pretty cool
prediction: i think we are supposed to be wrong in the batman series .
truth: they did not build the characters up enough to actually care for them and the plot was not strong
prediction: i am trying you to watch this movie ?
truth: no james is not a super hero but he does wear armor suit from tony s collection .
prediction: he played a military new york to the world .
truth: it has a 98 rating
prediction: it s about a mute cleaner and the way of the kingdom
truth: you seem to know me too well i would say it would be a boring movie from the title alone
prediction: i thought it was a good movie to watch on the way he was not doing his way .
truth: nope but it s based on a novel so i would say it s longer than your average film .
prediction: i am not sure about that but i am not sure if i do not think .
truth: any details about direction ?
prediction: i have seen it .
truth: i think it was the one movie where he was in the UNK . it was just last year . the UNK or something
prediction: i like the story of his puppy and he has taken him on his luck
truth: 1 hr 21 m
prediction: it s also made by pixar and chris renaud . dean hardscabble has directed as a character named woody and tom hanks and tim allen as buzz
truth: that sounds interesting is it an old movie ?
prediction: i like the cast of the movie . i like leonardo dicaprio in this movie he was in
truth: hmmmm sounds interesting .
prediction: it is a superhero movie
truth: yes
prediction: yes it s a superhero movie with robert downey jr . as iron man who are a genius .
truth: do you like leonardo dicaprio ?
prediction: what is the movie ?
truth: hi .
prediction: hi
truth: hi there !
prediction: hi
truth: hey
prediction: hello
truth: yep she eventually goes into the dreams with the problem
prediction: yes i am not sure about the reviews but i have not seen the other info word and i do not really show the attention to the movie .
truth: i mean you do not need the UNK for good comedy
prediction: it was an a well .
truth: cool . is it a movie directed at children ?
prediction: i did not know that .
truth: i do not think i ve seen any recently though
prediction: yeah i think he is a good choice .
truth: yes and the introduction really does sum up the entire movie fairly well
prediction: yeah i think that is a pretty good one
truth: i liked the aerial battles . they were well thought out and i think the strongest point of the film are the characters .
prediction: i think it s a good movie to watch with dragons in the movie . i wonder if it s on demand or more drama
truth: yeah and hes role in jhon wick is really great it has good critical responses
prediction: yes ! i am not sure about that movie but i was a big fan of UNK though
truth: she was okay . at times she UNK . when she does this it takes away from the movie .
prediction: she plays she s a villain named she is a con artist fox
truth: the great steven spielberg !
prediction: it has roy scheider and tom hanks directed by guillermo tom hanks and tim allen .
truth: the reviews look solid did you like it ?
prediction: i really liked it .
truth: yep and it stared tow hanks
prediction: i how about it
truth: who is starring in the movie
prediction: that sounds like a thriller thriller film .
truth: wow really was release in 2009 great move with an amazing cast . dicaprio ellen page joseph gordon levitt .
prediction: it s a really good movie .
truth: i do not . i ve never seen it before . what genre is it ?
prediction: yes it is a great movie !
truth: whose the lead actor or actors ?
prediction: is it a movie ?
truth: i have too
prediction: i have seen it but i have not seen it
truth: oh sorry in once upon a time .
prediction: the movie is about the two main character being jealous by his house and funny funny
truth: well it is still highly recommend so i will check it out i think .
prediction: i am not sure . i am not sure if i would like it .
truth: yes
prediction: oh ok
truth: i am not sure but at least pg since it seems to need parental guidance .
prediction: it is a movie that has not say in it
truth: oh . i am familiar with the story a bit
prediction: oh nice . what is the movie about ?
truth: yes i like him too . meryl streep is in it as well .
prediction: i think the story is really good .
truth: she is adorable !
prediction: is it a comedy ?
truth: oh cool is it an animated movie ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: robert downey jr plays iron . also has other great actors like gwyneth paltrow and terrance howard
prediction: i am not sure about the movie
truth: awesome . i like them both a lot as actors . what is the premise of the movie ?
prediction: i think the movie is about how the fbi turned . he s in it with a lot of money
truth: ok got it .
prediction: it s a very good movie robert downey jr . tom hardy also also tom hanks and tim allen as buzz lightyear .
truth: so many great lines
prediction: i think comic books
truth: same to you .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: ya . .
prediction: no i have not .
truth: hi
prediction: i agree ! i love the cast of the movie .
truth: i actually have . i know it s an older one but with the holidays not long ago i watched home alone .
prediction: yes i have seen the movie before . have you ?
truth: some UNK are awesome this film
prediction: bro film bro are very good
truth: i like both
prediction: i like superhero movies especially with the other characters
truth: i think it goes to show that you do not have to be blood related to love and have that sibling connections
prediction: yes . i think i would go UNK into his scene
truth: some of the comments describe it as cute and colorful i am sure kids will love it regardless .
prediction: i like movies too . he s a great actress . he s great in this movie .
truth: yeah mine too
prediction: i liked the scene where the amazons army men the way we can not do it
truth: this movie was in released last year . do you recall it or its name
prediction: i think i would like to see the movie about the plot
truth: is it interesting ?
prediction: oh ok
truth: yeah it does . i may actually be interested in this one .
prediction: yes i like that it is a pretty good cast .
truth: lol who was your fave avenger ?
prediction: i like the humor in the movie . it is one of the best movies .
truth: not one of my first picks but would UNK give this movie a chance looking at the reviews
prediction: i am not sure if i would have to watch this one
truth: how long is the movie ? standard 80 minutes ?
prediction: i have not seen it but i have heard of it .
truth: right . i was shocked to see it only got 69 in rotten tomatoes
prediction: i agree ! i enjoyed it
truth: its been so long since i ve seen the movie but it vaguely sounds familiar .
prediction: i agree ! i like the characters where buzz lightyear
truth: dom cobb was the role of a lifetime for leo . what a UNK
prediction: yes i think this is the best movie
truth: good what movie are we talking about
prediction: i am doing great
truth: yes i have
prediction: no
truth: have you watched it in a movie theatre ?
prediction: oh i see ! i do not know . what is the movie rated ?
truth: now i heard some controversy from film critics about the film UNK race issues . they could have used him for their favorite team
prediction: i did not realize that was the director of the story
truth: lol ! true !
prediction: i like him too
truth: oh yes . that is the name . are there other famous actors in the movie ?
prediction: i think it is notebook
truth: maybe with a magic item like in the movie
prediction: yes that is pretty good . i do not think i would watch it
truth: definitely ! f
prediction: i do not think i have seen that inception .
truth: yeah it has a rotten tomatoes of 100 and average 9 10
prediction: i love that way
truth: yeah ! thought it was a based on a real incident somewhere in the world but clearly states it was fictional thank god !
prediction: i did not know that .
truth: although the film was made in 2017 it s actually a war story from wwii
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen it .
truth: yeah critics agree too with a 96 on rotten tomatoes
prediction: i did not know that
truth: i never knew there was another i thought that was the only one .
prediction: i love how they portray the dark movie .
truth: all the great actors are in this movie
prediction: i agree . i also enjoyed the first film was a comedy or something
truth: ok
prediction: i have not seen it . what is the plot ?
truth: fine and you ?
prediction: good how are you ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: hi
prediction: hi
truth: mike and sulley are well defined characters in this film they are good together
prediction: i agree . i really like how they are off with their own companies
truth: i think that the ratings are unflattering for the most part . to me this movie was enjoyable despite some of the rather negative reviews that it received critically .
prediction: i think i think i would have to watch it again i ll have to check it out .
truth: not familiar with those names is this a new movie ?
prediction: the movie is definitely a bit boring from 2014 .
truth: yes it s family friendly
prediction: adults was gru for the dead steal
truth: do you think woody is right ? would you feel UNK by buzz
prediction: i also liked the whole cowboy doll this movie was not a first movie for kids
truth: the scores it has are off the charts . it must be good .
prediction: i would not say it is a comedy film
truth: yes
prediction: i like yeahhh
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: i think i have not seen that but i do like a lot of people in the action scenes .
truth: it was made in 2014 so you would need to rent it most likely
prediction: i do not think i have seen it
truth: i agree !
prediction: i think that is a really good actors . i think that is what could you think of the characters ?
truth: no i ve seen it although the cast is heard to be interesting seen
prediction: i think i read about it i guess it is based on a book of a book
truth: it s one of the greatest comedies according to rotten tomatoes . do you think it is ?
prediction: i think the cast was a great movie .
truth: i did not enjoy it actually .
prediction: dunkirk and tom hanks was great as woody .
truth: i am reading about batman begins . it is a very good movie .
prediction: i am good how are you ?
truth: do you like robert downey jr .
prediction: i think so
truth: hello we are going to talk about la la land . have you seen the movie ?
prediction: hi !
truth: yes jaws makes his first appearance when he attacks a woman in the water at the party
prediction: the shark of appear the shark and what does the movie do really good UNK .
truth: probably not lol but it was a nice addition
prediction: mikes that was a good point .
truth: no there are females but nt in any starring roles .
prediction: yes i like that it s a remake to see .
truth: the movie depicted the UNK of belforts firm
prediction: yeah i agree with you too
truth: nice
prediction: i am not sure about the rating of the movie .
truth: it seems like a waste of a funny book .
prediction: i agree . i did not think it was the best disney movie .
truth: oh cool something to watch with the family
prediction: is it a comedy or does it have a comedy or ?
truth: maybe it s because we did not read the comics ?
prediction: i think that you should have been more of a little bit of the movie .
truth: i enjoy steven spielberg even though it wasnt hs biggest film
prediction: it was directed by steven spielberg
truth: is it a comedy then ?
prediction: i like that !
truth: you took very long time to give answer any way what is the plot of this movie
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: of course
prediction: i think it was a pretty good movie . i think it was a pretty good movie
truth: yes favreau did a good job . he didnt go for stylized comic frames .
prediction: yes i agree
truth: i have . did you like it ?
prediction: i have not seen the entire movie .
truth: it follows the life of jay gatsby and his neighbor nick carraway who recalls his encounter with gatsby at the height of the roaring 20s in new york .
prediction: it s about a bunny who came out in 2016 and the movie through on the island of the screen
truth: hi
prediction: the movie is about a boy villain who is the main character .
truth: that sounds pretty good
prediction: i think i will go on rotten tomatoes or give it a pretty good rating .
truth: oozma kappa for the win d
prediction: yeah i dont think so too
truth: it would ! it also is highly acclaimed with positive reviews
prediction: i am not sure about that but i am not sure if i am a fan of them
truth: have you seen the movie ? you should really watch it
prediction: i think you are talking
truth: did he direct this movie ?
prediction: i have not seen this movie .
truth: basically in 1966 a state military UNK accompanies us troops in combat documenting the progress .
prediction: i like the cast . i think the movie is the best .
truth: it s about shark bounty hunting which i think is cool . i do not know the rating .
prediction: yes it is not r but it s not around r the original animated film . it s a time entertaining movie .
truth: ok ey
prediction: i like her
truth: love walken and hanks
prediction: i love it but i love leonardo dicaprio in the movie . i know that it s based on true events . scott fitzgerald is great as well .
truth: yes she was great too .
prediction: i thought gwyneth paltrow was the best part of the movie .
truth: so let me guess the movie is the one with those weird yellow creatures too ?
prediction: oh cool .
truth: wow ! i would ve thought a cult classic like that would be rated much higher . i think rotten tomatoes is garbage though .
prediction: yes it is a great movie for children and adults alike . it has a rotten tomatoes score of 100 100 .
truth: it has a funny title .
prediction: the minions is about it that he is a good director .
truth: loyal pet reindeer is aslo cute
prediction: i like movies this movie is a great director
truth: me neither . do not think i would go to see this .
prediction: i have not seen this one before .
truth: same here ! so who was your favorite character ?
prediction: i thought it was a great movie for me .
truth: this movie is definitely not sci fi but if you are looking for a good cliche laugh about revenge and high school this would be the one to watch
prediction: oh wow that is a good movie
truth: superman jesus
prediction: oh cool
truth: UNK of a century
prediction: i am not sure about that either . i am surprised that baz luhrmann score . i like the way i saw it
truth: haha i was born 2 years later
prediction: yeah it s one of my favorites . i loved the actors in the movie oh . . .
truth: very cool and unique casting . i would love to see it .
prediction: oh wow i think i will like the film .
truth: oh well
prediction: yes it is . it s about a guy and that nick at a very good movie .
truth: and batman sees superman as a threat to humanity
prediction: i am not a fan of for watching now .
truth: that is right . i thought he was great . he is the best alfred . i agree about morgan freeman as well .
prediction: i agree . i agree with his acting . i agree about his acting . i agree about his story ?
truth: interesting . . . .
prediction: that is good !
truth: leonardo dicaprio joseph gordon levitt ellen page and tom hardy
prediction: it is an american movie .
truth: i have never seen it
prediction: i have seen it but i do not know if it is based on a book of the same name .
truth: yes and it had very good reviews which is probably why they made another .
prediction: i think it was pretty good .
truth: it is really good . it gets a score of 92 on rotten tomatoes .
prediction: it is a comedy based on the movie . it stars a romantic pianist pianist and a cleaner headed in the movie .
truth: the UNK the infamous baz UNK
prediction: it s about a boy named named and the documents s fight to help and fight the bad guys
truth: yes about the shape of water .
prediction: have you seen the movie the post
truth: i love jaws !
prediction: i am not sure that is it . what is the title of the movie ?
truth: the scene when judy was trying to catch manchas is brilliantly done . do you have key moment ?
prediction: i think the first is set in 1940 top 50
truth: yeah but he was mean to her and tried to get revenge through the internet
prediction: i think it would be a good idea to see the movie to my collection .
truth: it is a 62 of rotten tomatoes
prediction: i like the scene where time back in the moon
truth: how was the dragon injured ? in the fight ?
prediction: oh wow that sounds interesting
truth: yes it is .
prediction: i like him . he was a good actor in this movie .
truth: UNK UNK 4
prediction: right ?
truth: did he call the police ?
prediction: when two burglars is left behind ?
truth: that makes sense . oh this looks like a christmas movie to
prediction: i guess
truth: who s in the movie ? actors ?
prediction: who is in it ?
truth: it does seem to have many big stars in it though . with ben affleck starring it in i would have thought it would be funnier .
prediction: i would have thought it would be as good . it s not as good as the movie . i am a fan of the cast .
truth: no it s a crime drama
prediction: i like action movies
truth: yes pixar is known for its animation . the storyline of this movie was interesting . who would have thought a story about toys would be successful ?
prediction: i really liked the movie as well as the main character .
truth: it got a 83 on UNK
prediction: i like to like it
truth: have you seen the movie jaws ?
prediction: i like the movie
truth: no i havent
prediction: no i havent .
truth: i have not !
prediction: yes i have seen it . i thought it was a 2003 movie .
truth: i love comedies .
prediction: i think i do not feel to watch the whole thing but the premise of this movie is really true .
truth: and hilarious writing too .
prediction: i think that is a 100 . i am not sure about that but it was still a while of there were of movies
truth: correct
prediction: i ve seen it . i might have to see it .
truth: leonardo dicaprio plays frank and he does it really well .
prediction: the score was the only guy in the wow thats why he was not doing in wow thats .
truth: it does . it also has lily colins in it too .
prediction: oh ok .
truth: thats fair enough . captain america iron man and thor had an amusing UNK in the beginning of the movie
prediction: i like the way of the avengers
truth: k could you tell the outline of the story
prediction: yes it is .
truth: too bad her role is small
prediction: i like the idea of the cast ! so i like the hulk in this team
truth: does it have anything to do with UNK
prediction: what is the name of the movie
truth: seriously i enjoy both though
prediction: i am not sure but i am not sure if i ve seen it
truth: it is a history movie
prediction: i like to
truth: fine ! thanks ! i ve not seen toy story ! is it worth checking out ?
prediction: yes it is .
truth: pretty old
prediction: yes it was a great movie .
truth: if you like romantic comedies or musicals la la land combines both !
prediction: i do not know if i am to tell you about the movie . have you seen it ?
truth: i do specially ones with byron howard ! he s UNK UNK !
prediction: i have seen this movie
truth: hi !
prediction: hello
truth: lol
prediction: i am not sure
truth: did it win any awards ?
prediction: i see . i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: i definitely would watch it .
prediction: i like those actors .
truth: awww so she starts out on bottom of totem UNK .
prediction: oh . i am not sure about that !
truth: it also sags badly in the middle
prediction: i can agree with that
truth: no worries
prediction: i have not seen it in theaters
truth: not to mention the insightful script .
prediction: i agree . i did not think it s a movie that the film made a film that it is based on a true story .
truth: i dont mind the avengers movies . but comic book movies that are comic UNK i dont like .
prediction: despite i dont know how long it came out
truth: can you tell me anything about the plot ?
prediction: yes i do
truth: 2008 american superhero film i did not think it had been that long . do you agree with the reviews it got ?
prediction: i did enjoy that katie howard as a character . i think it was a great movie .
truth: the voice acting was really well done also
prediction: it is a comedy animation that is for sure and the house that is really nice from my kids and adults will smile of humor pathos characters
truth: gal gadot chris pine robin wright danny huston . i did not know robin wright was in it !
prediction: it has emma stone and tom hardy
truth: i ve never head of it
prediction: is it a movie ?
truth: hello . the movie is the wolf of wall street .
prediction: i have not seen a movie of you
truth: as a whole no . i ve seen bits and pieces over the years .
prediction: hello
truth: hi sandy i am ashley
prediction: hi
truth: i agree . plus i am a big fan of guillermo del toro s work . i think this one is one of his most powerful UNK so far .
prediction: i think so . i like the way she was responding
truth: i do not know if i remember that . i remember where the scream can breaks though .
prediction: oh cool .
truth: i would like to maybe i ll check to see if it s available streaming online . tell me more about the drama .
prediction: that is an interesting concept i have not heard of that !
truth: so really good reviews . . . is the movie pg 13 or r rated ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: it is about a guy who thinks god is not doing his job and is given a chance to play god for the day lol
prediction: i love jennifer anniston
truth: he is very good in eternal UNK of the UNK mind as well .
prediction: i think he did a great job in this movie .
truth: this is one of his break out roles in my opinion
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen it at my times . it s a typical time movie .
truth: yeah i agree . i like movies that make you think .
prediction: i do not like that .
truth: UNK .
prediction: oh i ve seen the movie but i ve seen it in his tales in it .
truth: leo deserved an oscar for that performance
prediction: i think it was a good movie
truth: of voices hahahahah
prediction: yes it is a great movie for the older time .
truth: it was very thought provoking for an animated movie
prediction: i did not realize it was based on a fairy tale a snow queen
truth: no what is it about ?
prediction: no
truth: no i have not .
prediction: yes i have . it was a very cute movie .
truth: it s about computer animated fantasy movie based on the hans christian anderson s fairy tale the snow queen
prediction: it s about a princess who came out in a couple with a young named human at a police chief to publish the pentagon papers
truth: toy story is the first movie produced by pixar . it s about an UNK toys
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: yes i have watched it several times actually . i like a lot of the scenes
prediction: i think it is a good movie
truth: i have worked with cryptography while in the coast guard . although i personally did not enjoy it found it to be a fascinating science .
prediction: all critical add is pretty good . do you know the other plot ?
truth: they were ok . on some UNK you could clearly see that they were not very well done .
prediction: i liked the special effects were quite the story line .
truth: it features roy schneider robert shaw richard dreyfus and lorraine gary
prediction: no i do not think i have .
truth: yea it seems a little out there and you may have to watch the movie more than once to really get it
prediction: i do not know if i am a movie from seeing it . it is a big film
truth: ohhhh yea
prediction: the movie is based on the true story
truth: is he after an organization responsible for the death or a single person ?
prediction: does he get up for a week ?
truth: no i did not it was a good movie but not a movie i cared for . i think u will like it though the minions are cute
prediction: it s a really good movie .
truth: would you recommend it ?
prediction: oh i like action movies
truth: the movie got excellent ratings in general . rotten tomatoes have it a 92 fresh rating metacritic scored it 94 100 and the cinemascore was an a
prediction: i am not sure
truth: it has . sandra bullocks performance in the movie was great .
prediction: it has a cinemascore of a
truth: lol yes his director commentary is always funny to me . do you think there will be a zootopia two ?
prediction: i have not seen this director in this director .
truth: that sounds interesting . what is it about ?
prediction: i ve seen it .
truth: no i have not . tell me about it ?
prediction: no i have not . what is it about ?
truth: hey home alone
prediction: hi
truth: what movie ?
prediction: i am not sure
truth: it was a 1995 release
prediction: it s made up a woody in a long time movie .
truth: oh there are several . the first that comes to mind is when he posed as a pilot and got away with it
prediction: it s about a man named a billionaire who knows to be a doctor boy scout .
truth: what is your favorite genre of movies ?
prediction: is it a good movie ?
truth: woody was not a good character because he wanted to kill buzz
prediction: and the other guys toys portrayed very well done
truth: true
prediction: she was a really good actor
truth: i will have to check it out . does she end up becoming a cop ?
prediction: i am not sure about the length of the movie .
truth: it is a world where toys are living things
prediction: it s about two toys toys toys toys as a kid named woody who is played by tim allen
truth: have you seen the most recent toy story
prediction: he is a great actor
truth: you can check online it s in the scientific genre of movies .
prediction: it was a great movie .
truth: i like the character he definitely added to the good storyline .
prediction: yes . i did not like the foxes character .
truth: oh i see now . .
prediction: i liked it too . i liked the fox of his character .
truth: UNK ruffalo and robert downey jr as iron man and hulk really make the movie
prediction: so this is one of the marvel movies
truth: oh okay and yes i do actually
prediction: yes i do .
truth: yes
prediction: i have not seen .
truth: oh ! is it exciting ?
prediction: hi
truth: hello . i have a great animated movie you should see ! it has excellent ratings from rotten tomatoes metacritic and cinemascore
prediction: hello
truth: are you there ?
prediction: i like them to watch
truth: wow UNK to 1970 s ! wow the local shark hunter only UNK 10 000 to find and kill the man eating shark
prediction: i think jaws was the best animated movie and that is a good movie . i felt like how he acted did for real life .
truth: i know
prediction: i think it should be talking about the other movies . i loved that one classmates new classmates with her classmates .
truth: what is the name of the movie ?
prediction: i am not sure how long the stories is . it seems like he was a big stories and she acted in the movie .
truth: and by the way how did the movie rate with the different rating platforms ?
prediction: ya i dont know what other movies are for my interest
truth: nah
prediction: yes i did not realize that it was based on a book that is a sequel to be great .
truth: i thought elle UNK was a good match for the part of aurora too .
prediction: i agree that is what the movie is about .
truth: i agree
prediction: i think the critics were great . he s a great actor . he was a great actor .
truth: i like comedies but i am a bit old for the high school theamed movies
prediction: i do like comedies
truth: leonardo dicaprio tom hanks christopher walken nathalie baye and amy adams .
prediction: it s comedy of the year of the movie
truth: it is kid friendly but might have some scary parts in it . it takes place in a world where there are no humans only animals doing human jobs .
prediction: it is .
truth: i think it was a pretty good movie overall . the critics rate it fairly high though . do you think it got a fair score on rotten tomatoes ?
prediction: i like that despicable . i like that despicable me in the movie . do you think it got a fair score on rotten tomatoes ?
truth: oh i bought it but UNK need to watch it
prediction: yes
truth: got it . love joss whedon ! who were the stars ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: the wolf of wall street
prediction: the movie is despicable me
truth: i am surprised this movie had ratings as low as it did thought it would be higher
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: same voices ?
prediction: yes i do not like him
truth: what genres of moves do you like ?
prediction: who plays the main character ?
truth: can you elaborate more on the military technology used ?
prediction: that is a
truth: ahh and yeah that sounds like his go to style for movies
prediction: i think so
truth: rotten tomatoes has 8 . 6 10
prediction: i love movies with good ratings
truth: sorry but i am not sure . i am sure a quick online search can answer that . did you know that christopher nolan directed this movie ?
prediction: i have not heard of it but i am interested
truth: he was hilarious !
prediction: so that is a good reason !
truth: idk the photography i guess
prediction: i like it a lot
truth: what was the premise of the movie ?
prediction: oh cool . is it a musical ?
truth: oh yes . . i really do suggest you see it again . it gets into the debauchery of the wall street lol
prediction: i did like the wolf of wall street was a good movie .
truth: yea it s pretty old now . it stars an actor by the name of macaulay culkin as the little boy if you know who that is .
prediction: it stars jim carrey and tom hanks as harry .
truth: that is true . how do you feel about the voice actors ?
prediction: yeah it is a comedy film i got to see it but it is an a concept for cinemascore of an a
truth: i love leonardo decaprio he was great .
prediction: i like the character as the character . i think he was just the perfect fit .
truth: which movie ?
prediction: i have not . i am good .
truth: not sure what is the name of the movie
prediction: i have not seen it but i heard it was a great movie
truth: would you like to watch it ?
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: yes it s about a villains and i am not sure but steve carell played the role of victor
prediction: i think it s a very good movie i would definitely have to see it
truth: well some think a great funny movie thats easy to watch . others feel like it drags a bit at the end
prediction: i does not say that is the main character is when the fbi trying to save her himself !
truth: alright so who are the main actors in the movie
prediction: oh yeah . that is probably why i am sure that it is a unique to watch with his family .
truth: its teen comedy where a new girl enters a high school that is run by rachel mcadams and her mean girl little club
prediction: i think it s a very good movie
truth: it might but i prefer horror . you must like it a lot or have children ! is this more for children ?
prediction: i am not sure .
truth: i find that world interesting . black monday was a huge crash for the UNK .
prediction: i agree
truth: i feel that critical response is a good way to judge whether a movie is worth seeing particularly since there are so many released these days
prediction: i think i saw it in the theaters though it is a war movie . i think i might have to check it out .
truth: and yes all based on a true story ! amazing !
prediction: i am not sure that is true from leonardo dicaprio . he s a great actor in this movie .
truth: i see
prediction: oh ok . i have not seen it yet .
truth: wait i have not seen the movie .
prediction: yes i ve seen it but i ve never watched it
truth: have you seen this film ? . they put it out in 1995
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen it yet though .
truth: interesting is it your favorite because that s the topic of the discussion or it truly is your favorite
prediction: i am not sure that it is .
truth: me too
prediction: me too
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: catch me if you can
truth: this looks like an awesome movie according to the ratings .
prediction: i think you should watch it again .
truth: no l have not . what is it about ?
prediction: hello
truth: okay i will ! i like him in other movies and i ve only heard good things about iron man .
prediction: i like the idea of the superhero . he is a good actor .
truth: yes just the usual life problems
prediction: i agree with that
truth: yes i enjoyed that
prediction: i thought it was a good UNK and to UNK people UNK him and UNK at the m
truth: that a shark follows me
prediction: yes i like the trailer of the world
truth: what do you think about making a second movie ?
prediction: oh wow . i like the idea .
truth: well it sounds good you sold me
prediction: i like the idea they used on the new york attack and then of the shark
truth: yea metacritic seems to low for john wick . i think the critics were to hard on it while the audiences loved it .
prediction: i agree that was the russian scene was a great movie to look to make better .
truth: oh lol that does not sound
prediction: i think he was good in this movie
truth: do you care about ratings when you choose movies ?
prediction: i will have to say it was such a reboot ?
truth: they meet and fall in love but as the title states its an idiom for being out of touch with reality hence the musical
prediction: i do not think i would like to emma this movie . i do not think i would like it if i want to see it
truth: that sounds like a cool UNK
prediction: i am not sure when he was the main character .
truth: yeah of course
prediction: i am not sure if i ve seen it .
truth: i really like the message of looking past stereotypes it was a great was to present how prejudice and assumptions can hurt others .
prediction: i agree . i love that it was a good way to see how prejudice and assumptions can hurt others .
truth: i never saw it . not a huge jim carrey fan .
prediction: haha . haha . i am not sure about that but it was pretty good .
truth: home alone
prediction: i am great thanks . how about you ?
truth: the average is also low a 4 . 9 10
prediction: hello . i think this movie is an action movie from a low score .
truth: or is it mostly action based ?
prediction: i like him . it is an a superhero movie !
truth: it did not get very good ratings from critics
prediction: and night fury is in it
truth: so its a pretty good movie to enjoy with the family
prediction: oh that sounds interesting
truth: oh what is it rated ?
prediction: oh cool ! i am sure that is a really good one
truth: me either ! yes they spent christmas in paris well all except kevin who was left behind
prediction: yeah i think imdb is a good UNK
truth: UNK me somehow manages to make a supervillain n funny
prediction: oh that is true . . .
truth: yeah i think so too
prediction: i like the theme of the movie and the director
truth: i think superman was a good movie this movie sounds good
prediction: that sounds interesting . i like the reviews and superman of the movie . i thought ben affleck is a great actor .
truth: is that a movie ?
prediction: no i have not
truth: i can not believe the critics called it adult bashing !
prediction: i have not seen that one
truth: yeah it did make me laugh a couple of times .
prediction: what is the plot of the movie
truth: yeah me too . i have just watched a few sci fi movies . i really liked the ending . like it was really shocking
prediction: i like the scene where the guy between the two and the idea were the big screen .
truth: is there any other popular actors actresses in it other than keanu reeves ?
prediction: what is it rated ?
truth: i like the animation of the movie very well done .
prediction: i like the approach and morgan freeman did a great job portraying god .
truth: the 3d animation is incredible
prediction: i agree . i agree with the rotten tomatoes score of 97 . i really liked how this was one of the first time in the movie .
truth: hey !
prediction: hello
truth: really ?
prediction: i like him too
truth: i loved that stark UNK was really UNK weapons to criminals worldwide behind tony s back . it seemed really realistic .
prediction: i like the character as a character
truth: their s also some romantic UNK going on in the movie
prediction: i think it s hard to get a lot of good actors in this movie
truth: woody the main character
prediction: why do you think they are making the film
truth: is it cgi ?
prediction: was gru
truth: ever read time machine ?
prediction: that is a good thing to get a good movie to you a bit out
truth: hahah yea that portion was very good .
prediction: i think i have a favorite scene in .
truth: you should . it s a classic !
prediction: what is the plot about ?
truth: you know the regular superhero film
prediction: the movie is about wonder woman played by ben affleck
truth: more superman would have been better
prediction: i would not remember anyone else to be a good comic book movie
truth: unfortunately there s plenty of that going on
prediction: i think it was a pretty good .
truth: true ! many of the reviews highlight the films action and special effects . i guess that was a bigger priority !
prediction: i agree . i think it should make more interesting more than this one of this s story line
truth: yes i did . he was funny but mean .
prediction: yeah very true
truth: it is good . full of lots of action !
prediction: how does it take place in ?
truth: the fact ben affleck stars in it makes me want to avoid it all together
prediction: i think she is a good actor in that movie
truth: long time ago .
prediction: yes .
truth: it UNK not the tiger shark !
prediction: that is a good point
truth: that is a great point . it also breaks from the tradition of doing a sequel immediately .
prediction: i think assuming is one of the best directors in the movie .
truth: it was interesting to see robert mcnamara UNK .
prediction: i agree . i love how they did a good job with the post
truth: for real
prediction: yeah it is a pretty good movie but i am not sure if it s so much on rotten tomatoes .
truth: neither . i do not know the name of it .
prediction: i am not sure it s based on the comic book .
truth: wish i had seen the 3d version i bet that would have been incredible really
prediction: i think steve carrell was a good guy for the last reviewer reviewer
truth: i do not think they really said but i think like UNK illness
prediction: what happens in the movie ?
truth: i really like ben affleck
prediction: that sounds like a good movie .
truth: i just noticed it features lacey chabert who was the original voice of meg from family guy
prediction: i think i ve seen the original it was very good and the animation and the original were pretty harsh from metacritic .
truth: from reading the paragraph about it i might have to check it out .
prediction: i think it s a great story .
truth: very poor rotten tomatoes score
prediction: it was directed by chad stahelski
truth: its a film starring robert downey jr
prediction: it s a superhero movie
truth: how is the weather where you are ?
prediction: fine thank you !
truth: john wick was a good action movie .
prediction: i thought it was a great movie .
truth: what movie is that ?
prediction: i have not . what is it about ?
truth: hello there
prediction: hello
truth: yeah they were . i thought the animation was very well done too .
prediction: i agree . i liked the scene where nick decided played a small rabbit
truth: i love anything amy adams is in . i find her to be great .
prediction: i am not sure . i am not sure . what is good about the movie ?
truth: yes he does keanu reeves is a very talented actor . i believe this was his first movie of this genre in some time and he really performed .
prediction: yes he is a great actor . he really knows him in the movie .
truth: it only has a score of 48 on rotten tomatoes which is pretty surprising
prediction: i like morgan freeman as well . she s more of the main characters in the movie
truth: there were a few key scenes
prediction: he was my favorite scene in the movie
truth: it is out
prediction: i think it is on dvd or on dvd blu ray .
truth: yes . i think that is the best part . what do you think the character daisy is like ?
prediction: yes it s exciting of a grown audience including to be a good movie .
truth: lol
prediction: yes
truth: true
prediction: i agree . i also liked that they showed how to make a dorm to the movie .
truth: i do although there have been so many lately that i am starting to get tired of them .
prediction: i am a big fan of the marvel movies but i do not like them .
truth: looks like the music composer has worked with other pixar films before
prediction: i have not . i have seen it but i havent seen it
truth: its about a supervillian
prediction: it s about a villain who needs to find the kind of his family .
truth: its really good
prediction: i have seen the movie before . i really like the comic book batman movie .
truth: no i havent can you tell me a little about the movie ?
prediction: i did not know that . . . . .
truth: hi just got here
prediction: hi
truth: did you like the movie ?
prediction: have you seen this movie before ?
truth: i might . i have not seen the most recent one have you ?
prediction: i think the movie is too well .
truth: haha but they are all unique which is nice
prediction: yes that is true
truth: i do want to see black panther if i have time . i think that super hero movies get repetitive sometimes . did you see man of steel ?
prediction: i usually like that they work in a new movie .
truth: that is sounds great . i love movies that show kids they can do what they put their mind to
prediction: oh yeah that is true .
truth: well i really think you should watch this movie . the best way to find out is to come to the theatre and watch this UNK film .
prediction: i see .
truth: must be rated r then huh ?
prediction: oh that sounds good . i like the shark director of the film . who else is it ?
truth: good i guess
prediction: oh ok
truth: nah its a disney movie
prediction: oh i like that they movie
truth: it is a classic movie UNK in 1990
prediction: i like that it s been in it
truth: hello
prediction: it was directed by christopher walken . did you know it was directed by christopher walken .
truth: i liked it very much . it is about alan turing and his work during the world war ii
prediction: i like that it is a historical political thriller and it is a superhero movie so i will definitely recommend it
truth: zootopia
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: oh my goodness ! do you like action packed movies ?
prediction: it s a avengers movie that is avengers .
truth: i love the wwii movies . . . . this one apparently shoes 3 different UNK during the war .
prediction: it s a great movie about it
truth: i think i have see that one
prediction: i have seen it but i do like it it s a prequel film .
truth: what age group is frozen for ?
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: i find a lot of historical movies have UNK where it drags on
prediction: he was also in this movie so i am not sure what it s about ?
truth: now its saying the movie is not good
prediction: yeah it s a little more than to me !
truth: is it a volume thing or a time thing ?
prediction: i think it s a historical movie that is a good supporting part for the us universe
truth: is that what made her turn evil ?
prediction: i do not think i ve seen the last name .
truth: yeah it was . you might like it .
prediction: i think it s a long time ago i am not sure if i am a big fan of biopics .
truth: down right low
prediction: i thought the price was a good one
truth: i am trying to think of what ryan gosling and emma stone look like
prediction: that sounds good .
truth: can you refresh my memory ? i can not remember .
prediction: i like that it s a black movie i think it s a pretty good movie
truth: i think rotten tomatos definitely got this one right .
prediction: i think there was a sequel for the movie ?
truth: UNK culkin
prediction: it was a great movie for a comedy animation
truth: ew
prediction: it is a 2017 american historical drama and it s a movie that you should watch it ?
truth: no i ve never seen it .
prediction: i am good .
truth: i do not believe so i think it s for entertainment .
prediction: yes . i do .
truth: no i do not remember seeing it who is the cast
prediction: no i have not . i was actually about it at all the time back in my opinion .
truth: no i have not can you tell me about it please ?
prediction: hello ! i love the movie bruce almighty . have you seen it ?
truth: yeah it s pretty good . have you ?
prediction: yes i have . i have not seen it .
truth: i am also old enough to recall the events that UNK in the film . the actors did a great job bringing vietnam to life .
prediction: i think it s a good idea and the fact that they were so weak in it
truth: it seems like some critics liked it . it goes a 69 100 metacritic score .
prediction: yes i do
truth: yeah i think that was the most intense part
prediction: i think it was a
truth: yeah it s about money basically
prediction: do you remember action movies in the movie ?
truth: i thought it was funny when he s 1st left alone and eating what ever he wants
prediction: i think you should watch it again . i felt from you can not tell me about it .
truth: it is a mix of fantasy and drama
prediction: yes . while he is in the bathtub .
truth: nice .
prediction: i think they are coming to school in the movie
truth: that sounds interesting it seems relevant to things happening today .
prediction: that sounds like a good movie i have not heard of him .
truth: yes i think it also won an oscar
prediction: it s a very good movie
truth: toys coming alive ? that must be a sci fi movie
prediction: i like that it s a toy movie that has a score of a
truth: look under the tasks section for the instructions . who starred in the movie ?
prediction: i think it s a movie that i had not seen it but not sure jaws is it a movie ?
truth: ok
prediction: i am not familiar with leonardo dicaprio .
truth: i agree it was a great movie filled with action .
prediction: i agree with the cast of the movie . i ve been heard for the second one .
truth: i really like it s story and characters and the cast as well
prediction: i really liked this movie
truth: hi i am great
prediction: hello ! how are you ?
truth: heya hello
prediction: hello
truth: kind of all over the place i guess did you like it ? what would you rate it ?
prediction: i like that he is the only thing in the movie .
truth: it sounds interesting but i do not have a good feel for the plot
prediction: i do not think i like the idea of the movie .
truth: david fincher although i do not know what else he as done
prediction: nice
truth: thor UNK scene was terrible .
prediction: i like hulk .
truth: i liked octavia spencer s character a lot too
prediction: i am not sure about that !
truth: nice who else that i might know ?
prediction: oh i like the part of the movie .
truth: is it funny ?
prediction: is it violent to be ?
truth: tony stark is the iron man .
prediction: yes he is a great actor .
truth: i would say the new thor movie by far very funny movie .
prediction: i think the movie is real steel .
truth: why ?
prediction: her
truth: yes i do
prediction: i like the actors that was the best in my opinion the movie i think it was a good movie
truth: agreed
prediction: im like batman vs superman
truth: no somehow i managed to miss this one . have you seen it ?
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: what ? lol
prediction: have you seen the movie zootopia ?
truth: ok dude go ahead
prediction: have you seen the movie frozen ?
truth: have you seen any good movie lately ?
prediction: i like the movie
truth: just a little haha . but if you can get past that without being freaked out it gets good .
prediction: i like real UNK .
truth: no the only thing i know is that she recently died .
prediction: yes
truth: magic he has little snow UNK that follow him so he does not melt in the summer
prediction: that is the main character i think that the sisters is the most of the movie .
truth: oh yes lots of history
prediction: i agree
truth: it was made in 1975
prediction: i think it s a classic movie . i guess so we can enjoy the movie aside from the movie
truth: i really like sandra bullock is my reason for liking the movie i guess she had a good role in adopting the boy .
prediction: i am not sure how they are talking about superheroes .
truth: wow ! i feel like that is really low !
prediction: i think it is a great one .
truth: who UNK both the sisters
prediction: oh ok
truth: i never saw it from beginning to the end though
prediction: it s a good movie
truth: it reminded me of sleeping beauty
prediction: i thought it was a good score
truth: cinemascore was a but like you rotten tomatoes and metacritic were not very thrilled with it either .
prediction: i really liked the movie and it was directed by christopher nolan
truth: i love it and enjoy watching it again and again the adult humor in it really makes it fun .
prediction: i really enjoyed it . it was directed by chris columbus .
truth: what movie are we discussing today ? i did not receive the movie title .
prediction: i am good
truth: i am supposed to tell you about the great gatsby actually .
prediction: i have seen this movie before . it s an animated spielberg movie starring angelina jolie and tobey maguire .
truth: the movie i have a document for is social network
prediction: i do like
truth: have you seen this movie ?
prediction: i am good how are you ?
truth: i do not know with that rating the odds of actually being entertained or liking it are quite low to me .
prediction: i like movies
truth: if it stuck closer to the actual story . i know a bit about turing and it took major liberties with his bio .
prediction: i agree
truth: ok
prediction: what kind of movie is it ?
truth: i know it is a movie about this facebook guy
prediction: i love it
truth: i do ! especially pixar movies .
prediction: i think i will like to watch it . i like the toys as well .
truth: yes
prediction: yes
truth: for sure
prediction: i think he is in that one i think
truth: ok i am interested . what is the plot ?
prediction: i love that !
truth: it s a comedy and really funny it s from 1990
prediction: it s about a boy who s his mom and he has a lot of his childhood and it s called
truth: my husband says we need to watch that every year around the holidays ! i still havent seen it
prediction: i like that it s a movie that i would rate it . it s a pretty good movie with an average score of 96 .
truth: spielberg ?
prediction: oh ok . i have never seen it yet .
truth: chris nolan did a good job
prediction: i like batman begins
truth: sure
prediction: oh i have seen it a long time ago
truth: hmm what is it about ?
prediction: it is a very funny movie . the main character is a great actress and can enjoy it .
truth: yes . i love robert downey jr s work .
prediction: i thought it was pretty boring was a great movie . i did not really remember it .
truth: hello you should watch inception with leonardo dicaprio .
prediction: hello
truth: a shrink ray
prediction: sales
truth: grow on you UNK . yeah i ve seen the trailers for their movie sequel .
prediction: yeah i know
truth: they were not my favorite parts of the movie but i get it was part of the story line
prediction: i liked the shrink neighbor of the gru . i guess he really knows the shrink ray .
truth: oh okay . do you know what island they are on ?
prediction: i think he is a shark to have a shark and then the shark and what was the last UNK
truth: i think i watched it multiple times
prediction: oh that is cool if it s about the first one that is the first time for the first time and the movie
truth: a fox named nick wilde played by jason bateman .
prediction: yes it is befriend for a good fairy tale but the world of princess and prey they can not have any others .
truth: yeah actually the movie starts off pretty sad as the toys fear that they might be replaced and that they have to move
prediction: yes
truth: jesse UNK did zuckerberg totally
prediction: i agree . i really liked the story of the story of facebook . . .
truth: yes . so its basically the it girls and the wannabe social groups of high school .
prediction: yes it is a historical movie
truth: indeed the movie premise is going deeper and deeper into UNK states of dreaming . with each step that goes deeper time slows down massively .
prediction: yes
truth: ok . . who are the main role
prediction: yes i have seen the ultimate of the movie .
truth: i have heard so much about it though pop culture but i ve never seen it .
prediction: i like how they told title .
truth: it is about a brilliant con man .
prediction: it was directed by steven spielberg and leonardo dicaprio .
truth: oh hi lol
prediction: it is based on a true story . i ve heard of it but it was based on a true story .
truth: i think that it did . it had great actors for voice overs . what did you think of the movie ?
prediction: i have never seen this movie .
truth: hmmm !
prediction: yes i have
truth: ok so the boy was just protecting the animals .
prediction: oh wow i would have to check it out
truth: yeah i would say the cg is impressive for 2008
prediction: i like him too .
truth: he did dark night and dark night rises ? cool
prediction: oh wow that many fantasy dark dark dark knight dark knight dark UNK UNK dark .
truth: it s basically that the main stockbroker jordan belfort gets enticed by the lifestyle of wall street stockbrokers but gets caught by the fbi for all his crimes
prediction: i am not sure about him but i am not sure
truth: hahaha
prediction: i agree . i did not realize that i ve seen in the last time but it looks like it was very funny
truth: yes i do to an extent .
prediction: i think it s a black comedy .
truth: yes critics rated it a do you think it is that good ?
prediction: oh yes . i think thor is a good character .
truth: no actually i have not . have you seen this movie ?
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen it .
truth: how long is the movie
prediction: oh wow sounds like it is a shark shark shark a shark shark shark a shark shark
truth: there s a lot of funny actors in it . tj miller gerard butler
prediction: it s about a supervillian between
truth: ya . . ok bye
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: yeah they put me to sleep
prediction: i like history
truth: it s really funny
prediction: it is a comedy that jim carrey morgan freeman in it as well .
truth: fantastic movie
prediction: no i havent seen it . have you ?
truth: i do not recall . it seems familiar
prediction: yes
truth: hello
prediction: yes
truth: how did it end ? was the problems within the movie resolved or was it a cliffhanger ? because i hate UNK lol
prediction: i think it is how the plot is played by the same name . i am sure i like the suspense how the film is huston
truth: the story was very different
prediction: i think so too . i think it was a pretty good movie to watch with the whole name of the movie .
truth: that is true . it s usually a mermaid
prediction: ok . . . .
truth: honestly does not seem like my type of movie .
prediction: yes . yes i am a big fan of the movie .
truth: i love seeing leonardo dicaprio in a movie
prediction: i love how they used the story of nick and the king of the world was done by the boat of the heroes
truth: yeah i feel like it could have happened in real life of course it gets a bit extravagant
prediction: it s about a man who is a secret government and his puppy to his own
truth: what do people say about it ?
prediction: yes it is !
truth: yes it was quite dark indeed .
prediction: i agree . i think the movie was based on a book .
truth: gal gadot stars in the movie .
prediction: it s a fantasy movie to watch with an animated film .
truth: it came out in 2010
prediction: i think it was funny
truth: tim allen and tom hanks are very familiar voices
prediction: i do not think i ve seen the movie but i have not seen it but i have not seen it
truth: yeah they seem to love UNK nolan in general lol
prediction: hello !
truth: hello !
prediction: hello !
truth: greetings !
prediction: hello !
truth: hai
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hi
truth: does his assistant help him with his adventure ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: when anna falls in love with prince hans it is a really funny scene .
prediction: yes . . . . . .
truth: do you like thrillers ?
prediction: that sounds interesting !
truth: yeah ? i didn t know that
prediction: i think zuckerberg was a good idea
truth: what did the reviews say ?
prediction: did you watch the movie ?
truth: if frozen made disney culturally relevant then we would have more than one truly dark UNK princess and not have just added two new princesses of another culture
prediction: i think the ratings were pretty good in the scores but it was a good idea
truth: can you give me a run down of the cast ?
prediction: is action action packed ?
truth: jason segal
prediction: he was pretty good .
truth: pretentious do as i say not as i do UNK .
prediction: the leo hate leo leo .
truth: awesome movie one of the best action movies this decade
prediction: it s a very entertaining movie about michael oher who is trying to be a police .
truth: cute animals
prediction: i like the actors in it and was really enjoyed it in the theater and liked it .
truth: i thought it was great . it had a lot of dialogue and it had some great images especially the boat filled with soldiers UNK into the sea
prediction: i do not like them but i do not like them to watch .
truth: how do you like that movie ?
prediction: i like the story in the movie
truth: wonder woman sounds like a great movie .
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: i have information about iron man . do you see it too ?
prediction: the movie is called dunkirk .
truth: love
prediction: hi
truth: he is kind of after the whole group but specifically a guy called iosef who is played by alfie allen
prediction: does he have a lot of money ?
truth: hiring all his friends was a very funny scene
prediction: belfort
truth: yeah
prediction: i think so . i am a big fan of his movies that are good from any previous
truth: me too
prediction: the ratings are a good movie
truth: i like that he does not have superpowers but uses technology to help him fight crime .
prediction: yes i did . i was a big fan of batman .
truth: i had not realized it s a movie from 2012 . i sort of remember when it came out .
prediction: i did not know that ! i am not sure if i do not remember .
truth: i liked the scene where she is hustled by the con artist fox duo . what was your favorite scene ?
prediction: i agree ! i think it was a great movie that has some serious scenes
truth: how did she get those powers ?
prediction: i am not sure
truth: it s a biography about a poor kid growing up in hard times to become a success .
prediction: i have not seen watch themed movies .
truth: all these soldiers are on the beach open targets for the german UNK .
prediction: oh . i have not seen it . i wonder if it is an accurate ?
truth: i have not heard of any of those actors actresses lol
prediction: ok . . .
truth: jim carrey morgan freeman and jennifer aniston just to name a few .
prediction: leonardo dicaprio page page .
truth: iron man is UNK man but wearing his super suit
prediction: ya he is a good actor
truth: i have in theatres and i own it
prediction: no i have not .
truth: yes thank you
prediction: i am a big fan of spiderman movies
truth: hi !
prediction: hello
truth: he probably felt good when he accidentally UNK him out of a window though .
prediction: buzz lightyear was not a UNK got toy .
truth: the director is super creative he really knew how to keep you interested . it had a good balance of humor intense scenes etc .
prediction: i do not see how they are able to keep the document and the beast that you have to put up .
truth: so one of the monsters enters the human world to harvest screams kind of UNK
prediction: oh nice
truth: it s not in theaters but you can probably stream it or rent the dvd
prediction: i like billy crystal
truth: do you know if it has won any UNK of award ?
prediction: i think it was a great movie . i think it was pretty good .
truth: i hope i do not get nightmares about the chitauri . or loki he is one evil dude .
prediction: yes i really would not say that i never heard to get on the list .
truth: oh UNK
prediction: wow
truth: it was directed by john lasseter
prediction: the main character was the space ranger of giza
truth: maybe but critics said it was an impeccably acted film you should see it .
prediction: it has a cinemascore of a rating and an intro rating on rotten tomatoes and an average of 9 10
truth: i guess theres just so much you can say about a movie
prediction: yes
truth: the main villain is ra s al ghul
prediction: yeah it was a great movie
truth: toy story
prediction: oh ok i ve heard about it either but i am not sure what you know about it
truth: black comedy means laughing at things that are considered bad or taboo like when they were doing lines off the UNK butts
prediction: that is pretty good . do you know what awards is the film ?
truth: i mean it s a teen comedy
prediction: i think i saw that movie .
truth: is the movie a comedy ?
prediction: yes he is not doing his job in this movie
truth: hi did UNK see the movie ?
prediction: hello
truth: yeah i had to take a minute to realize i have seen it before as well .
prediction: i liked the scene where the movie ends up out in a long time ?
truth: no biggie 106 is not too bad . any notable actors in it ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: very romantic person too
prediction: i like to watch this movie
truth: it was also UNK as different from all the president s men which was a nother movie
prediction: the main character is about the main character hiccup and the main is called the washington government during the vietnam war
truth: they saw the problem could be UNK
prediction: i agree
truth: what ratings did the film get ?
prediction: i think he did a really good job in this movie
truth: i ll probably think of lex luther everytime i see a picture of mark zuckerburg now .
prediction: yes he does .
truth: sounds like a fun fantasy adventure . how long is the movie ? you know how kids can be attention wise
prediction: yes
truth: so deep
prediction: i like the idea of this film
truth: ok . home alone is the name of the movie ?
prediction: i think the main character is one of my favorite actors
truth: the avengers
prediction: yes i like them
truth: its a film based on the marvel comics character .
prediction: it s a little more more about a little bit about a giant from 2010 .
truth: i really like action movies like those .
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: all right and what movie will be
prediction: i am good
truth: are you still there ?
prediction: how are you ?
truth: hey ! you should watch this awesome movie
prediction: hello
truth: i am always a fan of these types of films it is sort of like you are getting to see behind the curtain
prediction: i think you would like it
truth: oh lol good idea
prediction: oriented did not make the traps .
truth: is the business pretty successful ?
prediction: what did you like about the movie ?
truth: me either
prediction: i think it was a good film for the older film
truth: yes
prediction: kind of drama the movie is not in 2009
truth: who plays belfort in the movie ?
prediction: is the movie based on the memoir ?
truth: i think so .
prediction: morgan freeman as a billionaire
truth: yeah it was great .
prediction: i like the character in the 1940s and the stand of the creature .
truth: oh yeah i do like a few of carrey s movies what is it about ?
prediction: oh okay . i love leonardo dicaprio as a news reporter
truth: i like yes i have seen
prediction: i thought it was a good movie . i really like how i saw in love .
truth: have not seen it
prediction: yes i have not .
truth: and robert downey plays a very complex and intersting character
prediction: yes it is . . . what is it about ?
truth: how was that ?
prediction: i am good to see the document . what is it about ?
truth: yea she was pretty good as cady UNK .
prediction: it was directed by dan lohan .
truth: are you familiar with christopher nolan ? he s quite an acclaimed director and made this cool war movie called dunkirk .
prediction: no i have not . what is it about ?
truth: yes it is
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: she is snow white . UNK UNK dark hair
prediction: i think she is a good actor .
truth: cool what scores did it receive ?
prediction: oh wow that is pretty good
truth: yeah i think .
prediction: and the villain is pretty funny .
truth: i think the theme was to never give up .
prediction: i do not think i have seen a movie but i think the theme are very theme
truth: i liked the action scenes though especially the dive bomber attack .
prediction: yea i cant remember many many movies
truth: i know . i usually prefer my own interpretation of the movie .
prediction: i like that they showed to how to the UNK that he has a lot to play the world .
truth: i saw two times
prediction: it was directed by damien chazelle
truth: only a 69 on metacritic though
prediction: oh wow i did not know that . . . i do not think i would like it .
truth: i mean that is one part that i guess is a bit implausible how do you forget your child ?
prediction: i have to say that is really good
truth: what about john legend though ? we know he has talent . honestly i think ryan gosling makes a perfect jazz pianist . lol
prediction: i like the whole movie . . . was not it as well as the main character ?
truth: it is really unique the love between then and all the surrounding events i agree with you . did you enjoyed hawkins performance ?
prediction: i think the movie was good . i think the actors was well .
truth: sid !
prediction: it is !
truth: do you agree with the rotten tomatoes rating ? i mean it is so high critics agree that it is a great movie . do you think so ?
prediction: yes
truth: cool my UNK s daughter should enjoy that . would you recommend it for a 12 year old girl ?
prediction: yes i have not seen it
truth: i would ! i enjoy most disney movies . how about you ?
prediction: yes it is a comedy and that one ?
truth: i never seen the movie but it does have leonardo dicaprio in it and he is good actor
prediction: i think it was better than the first time
truth: yea she UNK everyone with her actions
prediction: i think she was a pretty good actor
truth: i think they look really strange but definitely add more comedic value to an already funny movie . i just wonder where they came from .
prediction: i did not like the minions but i have seen a few of them .
truth: diana sounds very UNK
prediction: it s a movie that is keanu reeves with it .
truth: what part of action movies do you enjoy ? i do not really like the violence in action movies
prediction: is it a good or UNK or action movies or anything else ?
truth: who played the role of the scam please ?
prediction: ok
truth: not sure but i think so
prediction: yes i like up !
truth: it got 92 percent on rt
prediction: i think so
truth: rotten tomatoes gave it 96 and 9 10 metacritic 95 100 and a b by cinema score
prediction: it was directed by david fincher
truth: nope ! i thought that mark ruffalo did a good job too being the hulk .
prediction: i am not sure what is it about ?
truth: i dont have kids yet but i am gonna show them the movie for sure
prediction: yes it was a good family movie to watch
truth: that is interesting i have heard of the movie but also did not know it is based on a book .
prediction: i am not sure . i am not a fan of fan .
truth: yeah but i thought this one would get in the upper 90 s
prediction: i am not sure i would have to agree with the reviews on rotten tomatoes .
truth: oh okay i think i ve heard of it . do you have any more info on the plot ?
prediction: i like to see the movie more . . .
truth: oh yes it is ! it is weird to see him as an assassin .
prediction: he is a good actor so this is going on the villain of the movie .
truth: me too ! i have not been back since . must have been too gruesome for children .
prediction: i agree ! i also thought the movie was really iconic !
truth: ya this is one of the most important movie
prediction: hi !
truth: definitely i think the ratings are pretty accurate except for metacritic that seems low
prediction: i think he did a good job with his work . i am not a fan of his movies .
truth: yes i will sebastian
prediction: i think so .
truth: when michael realizes how good he is
prediction: i like the story with the whole city and the story line that the story between that the story is a good
truth: is maleficent the antagonist or protagonist ?
prediction: who are the kingdom ?
truth: there was a village in where people were fighting against dragons
prediction: the movie was called in the movie
truth: yeah but rottentomatoes is not a reliable source anymore . one of my favorite movies ever man on fire received a terrible score years ago .
prediction: i agree
truth: while the kid is left at home alone two burglars break in . . .
prediction: i was just thinking by the first one but the whole movie was a bit chaotic .
truth: i liked the cartoon as a kid the movies not as much
prediction: i would agree . i would not see the movie . i have seen it in the movies .
truth: i am not sure about that but did you check mr . downey comes to the party with two UNK superpowers
prediction: yes i liked the fact that was much in the world .
truth: i am not sure who robin wright is .
prediction: oh i see . i think the cast was the cast of the cast .
truth: i thought it had some laughs
prediction: i think bruce almighty was a great movie
truth: dude all cg family film s have animals . . . .
prediction: i think it would have to have gotten reviews .
truth: apparently her younger sister was also played by livvy stubenrauch katie lopez and agatha lee
prediction: i am not sure i have not seen it .
truth: the notebook
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: i agree
prediction: i thought he did a great job in it .
truth: christopher nolan knows UNK e s doing
prediction: yes i am not familiar with the director cast actors .
truth: i think when you are UNK it down to the core of what it is any of these movies can be considered generic
prediction: yes
truth: how is dicaprio in the movie i like him too ?
prediction: i think that is a war movie .
truth: i am not too into sci fi movies either but this one does look interesting
prediction: i do not think i am more to see a movie i am not sure how much people would be doing doing .
truth: yes of course i do comedy sometimes but my love is for action
prediction: yes
truth: interesting . i love tom hanks one of my favorite actors .
prediction: i think so .
truth: the ending when the audience is not sure if the main character is dreaming or awake .
prediction: it s a very exciting movie with a giant of the same title . 9 . 1 and margo robbie .
truth: yeah i liked that it was the first film to feature him and superman together
prediction: batman s great in the movie he was not than most .
truth: can you tell me why UNK one of your favorites because i just have never had the UNK in seeing it .
prediction: i have not seen it by have you ?
truth: ah oops . i see your point .
prediction: well the movie would be animals for the end to have a good movie to watch
truth: what about it ?
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: yes . i actually thought it was very well made . the character was well developed
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: i have . i really enjoyed it . lots of action and rich humor !
prediction: i have not . is it a movie ?
truth: yeah
prediction: i have not seen the movie zootopia it was a great movie .
truth: i am looking for a movie recommendation
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: have you watch the movie before
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: well where re you from
prediction: what movie are we talking about today ?
truth: the first hulk was awful .
prediction: despite i think that is a good guy in the movie
truth: who plays his mom ?
prediction: yes
truth: christian bale i believe .
prediction: he plays a role .
truth: i wasnt much a fan of it . not UNK best work
prediction: i are leo to like a movie about it . i havent havent seen it but i have to see it .
truth: i didnt like that pierre coffin was a director do you like him ?
prediction: i do not really like the actors though it was the first time i would have been out it over
truth: yes ! ! he s sort of my celeb crush so seeing him as the hulk was fun !
prediction: i agree ! i think nope too . i thought he was a great actor !
truth: kinda 80s pop cover band
prediction: i would not say it was .
truth: imdb gave it 8 . 1 10 rotten tomatoes 92
prediction: it was directed by cinemascore and a coming of age with a peasant paper and a cute story
truth: i do not know . i have no info on any movies or anything .
prediction: next i am not sure about the movie is about the movie
truth: i like when the UNK came to eat the people
prediction: yes
truth: have you seen the movie before ?
prediction: yes i love got this movie
truth: oh thats a pretty good score !
prediction: yes i have heard of it
truth: it s well made with great actors .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: hello i enjoyed this movie as well . i really enjoy marvel movies .
prediction: yes i really enjoyed the movie and was not the best part of the movie was good .
truth: hey i am very well . hope you are doing ok too .
prediction: good how are you ?
truth: what do you think of maleficent ?
prediction: how are you ?
truth: for sure . favorite part of the movie ?
prediction: i do not think i love the character
truth: i thought it took place in UNK
prediction: that is a good rating
truth: i only know liam nelson
prediction: yeah it s a good movie
truth: yes so what do you think about the introduction to the movie ?
prediction: i guess the movie would have to do with the review
truth: the double villian is a fun play on the story
prediction: that is pretty good
truth: yeah i ve seen bits and pieces and UNK of it but never really looked it up or anything
prediction: i like the ending
truth: i felt it added to the overall feel of wrong doing of the characters .
prediction: use is the drug i am not sure but i am not sure if it is based use of the same time .
truth: the avengers is that the earth is under threat by the UNK loki
prediction: and then . . .
truth: there were remakes of this movie and those were not good
prediction: i think it s really good ! it s not that good movie
truth: yea i really liked how he was going after the russian crime factions it gave it a sort of believable plot .
prediction: i agree . i thought he was great as well . what did it think about ?
truth: yes this movie is so popular and the rating of this movie i s 76 out of 100
prediction: i did not know that
truth: oh cool ! anyone else famous ?
prediction: nice i think about it . i am trying to see it . i am not a fan of science fiction .
truth: i ve never heard of any of the other actors !
prediction: it s a very good movie . i am interested in seeing it but i am a big fan of the actors .
truth: i do not judge man
prediction: i have never heard of it
truth: let s roll then
prediction: yes
truth: hello my name is UNK .
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: stefan was the typical hero
prediction: i mean that the movie was based on a true story
truth: my favorite character was UNK judy who was yours ?
prediction: oh ok . i am not sure if it s got a good rating
truth: ah of course . the russian UNK church is in UNK with the mob in this movie . russian christian obvious bad guys
prediction: i am not sure if they are the movie but i am not sure as a real actor
truth: i agree i think he really brought cobb to life in the film . would you say his supporting actors did a good job in their performances as well ?
prediction: i agree . i think that is why he was able to pull a few .
truth: that is true everything is politics now
prediction: i like rotten tomatoes and imdb !
truth: bringing superman out of exile by some elaborate UNK .
prediction: i remember that they are UNK to be a really good movie
truth: what did you think of the scene where gru stole the great pyramid of giza ?
prediction: i guess i will watch it .
truth: well it has robert downey jr he s a lovely actor . i am sure it s probably pretty interesting if you are into action movies .
prediction: i like best movie
truth: it ends up being very interesting .
prediction: ok facebook guy facebook
truth: wow sounds very strange who is the main person in it ? any one really famous ?
prediction: who else made it ?
truth: rotten tomatoes gave it a 69 but cinemascore gave it an a
prediction: i have not seen it but i have heard about it .
truth: i remember hearing about it when it first came out
prediction: it has a really high rating from rotten tomatoes
truth: what a great cast
prediction: oh that is a very good score
truth: ok sure
prediction: hi
truth: i have to admit i have not actually seen the post yet
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: hi ! i think iron man was a great movie ! did you like robert downey jr . as iron man ?
prediction: hello
truth: funny name
prediction: i like him as well
truth: both cities are present in the movie
prediction: it s not that a lot in the movie
truth: although the film had a lot going for it i do not it is really all that good . there are better films
prediction: i dont know the whole thing in new york the film industry in the animation style of the film
truth: is captain america or iron man which one you think a team player
prediction: also like iron man
truth: does it show who did the voices ?
prediction: oh really . i have no idea that details correct correct .
truth: yes . it was a complicated situation for them
prediction: i think the character is a good part . i think she is a good actress .
truth: UNK theory lol
prediction: i feel like this one is always one of my favorite movies i ve always been to watch this movie .
truth: the whole story is told through the eyes of nick carraway
prediction: i like the idea of the cast and the book playboy who is the main character of the movie
truth: that is was too short it could have been UNK bit longer . do you know what rotten tomato rating it got ?
prediction: yes i like the part of the movie
truth: its a superhero film based on the dc comic books
prediction: who is in it ?
truth: is it a love story ?
prediction: oh okay
truth: it is a story about a white shark who begins attacking beach goers
prediction: who is the main actor in the movie ?
truth: yeah you should watch the wolf of wall street
prediction: i have not seen that movie .
truth: i use to love him as a kid
prediction: yes i have seen macaulay culkin .
truth: hi !
prediction: hi
truth: hello
prediction: hello !
truth: how about you ?
prediction: i think it should be popular to see the story of the movie .
truth: for sure hes my fav . i also like captain american
prediction: oh wow ! i like that he is a bit of a magical that helps between him
truth: yeah
prediction: i think this movie is a good rating for me too
truth: i hate to waste time money on a bad movie
prediction: it was pretty good .
truth: ok thanks
prediction: i think so
truth: its a mix of both in this movie
prediction: it s a little
truth: do you think robert downy plays a good iron man ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: ok so maybe a date night movie !
prediction: wow that is a good point .
truth: would you watch it again ?
prediction: yes i have . i love it .
truth: i think it s surprising how let it go got to be like super popular in such a short amount of time .
prediction: i do not know if i ve seen any of their actors .
truth: yeah she is
prediction: i am a fan of movies .
truth: UNK . . . i like spielberg . is that the one with leonardo dicaprio ?
prediction: it s a movie i am not sure about that .
truth: ok
prediction: i am not sure . i am a big fan of the cast .
truth: what is that about
prediction: i do not think i ve seen dunkirk .
truth: hello !
prediction: hi
truth: hello how are you today ?
prediction: hello
truth: it says it was the first marvel film for marvel cinematic universe
prediction: i would like to see the movie
truth: the idea of entering dreams as a UNK film was christopher UNK all the way !
prediction: i do not think so
truth: yeah they finally catch him and he starts working for the fbi
prediction: it sounds like a a movie
truth: do you know how his wife died ? oh okay thanks for the info on the violence part .
prediction: i think it s a r action movie .
truth: ah yes okay
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: yeah for sure . it s so cool to see these comics come alive on screen
prediction: i like the way of this one is not going to see them a lot of people can get
truth: is there a moral to the story ?
prediction: i think so
truth: dr strange was good i like those type movies
prediction: i am not sure . i love cumberbatch .
truth: ok what is the plot
prediction: i am not a fan of his other work
truth: it received slightly above average scores on rotten tomatoes . 78
prediction: i agree with the rating that it was based on a true story .
truth: is he where the turing test comes from ?
prediction: i think i ve seen that it s a novel movie that is interesting to see .
truth: i feel like it did as well but i do not think that was a UNK to the film .
prediction: i like that it was a long time ago i liked that it was a long time ago
truth: i really like the action in the movie and keanu reeves was terrific in it .
prediction: i agree . i do not think i have seen bits and pieces that rotten tomatoes gave it an 84 .
truth: i trust a site like rotten tomatoes just like i trust imdb
prediction: i agree . i did not know that it was based on that life of the snow s .
truth: mmm inresting
prediction: is it a movie ?
truth: the movie is dunkirk . its a world war 2 movie about the dunkirk evacuation
prediction: hello
truth: it also has the first appearance of phil coulson from shield .
prediction: i agree . i really like the scene where they killed him from taking the moon .
truth: i thought you said you like the movie ?
prediction: i like dicaprio too but this one is not a fan of the movie but i like dicaprio is a big part of the movies .
truth: it did lag a little bit
prediction: yes
truth: when he UNK his little brother in the car crash
prediction: he was a great actor for sure
truth: would parents like it too ? sometimes kids movies are boring for parents .
prediction: i like the animated and children were good
truth: what is it about though ?
prediction: oh okay . i ll have to check it out but i ll have to see it again .
truth: yes i am . i have seen billy crystal and john goodman in many other movies
prediction: yes i just saw the trailer and i am not sure how they had a happy story .
truth: thats true . but it says only to comment on what you read . and yes i have seen it and i adore that movie !
prediction: yes i have seen it but i have heard it was a long time ago .
truth: what type of information do they need to gather ?
prediction: that is one of the best ones movies
truth: yeah i think that it was time for women to have a superhero movie too .
prediction: more about females than the story and dancing .
truth: i do not know exactly how long the movie is
prediction: oh that sounds interesting !
truth: yes she is very strong going on the journey to find her sister was brave on her part .
prediction: i think the casting is very catchy on rotten tomatoes and a cinemascore of a !
truth: it basically has a summary of the movie
prediction: ok
truth: awesome
prediction: yes i have
truth: hmm that sounds like a good movie i should see . how is the acting ?
prediction: i am not familiar with gatsby .
truth: i have not
prediction: yes i have .
truth: the bullet sounds might scare the young one
prediction: i would say it was scary for scary ! !
truth: it s not specific but during the time of vikings .
prediction: it is a comedy animation and adventure animation in the movie .
truth: probably not but it is a big loud UNK movie that moves fast if you like war movies it might be but i doubt it .
prediction: yes i do
truth: it s funny that in the information we are given they do not talk that much about the water man .
prediction: trailer i like the movie
truth: some kind of advanced sleep inducing system . they put a UNK mask on their face for UNK dream data .
prediction: they are in the movie
truth: i like those kinds of movies . sounds very inspirational
prediction: i do not think i ve seen it but i was not sure what i thought it was good .
truth: i am watching again and again
prediction: ya
truth: i do i am a huge history buff
prediction: i like the biographical of the film .
truth: did imdb do a review ? they are my typical go to along with rotten tomatoes
prediction: oh
truth: it was directed by patty jenkins who was inspired by richard UNK and christopher nolan movies .
prediction: i did not know that
truth: like the reporter on natural born UNK
prediction: i do not think i would have been a lot of action on rotten tomatoes . i was not a fan of his other .
truth: that is fairly low but i find that i tend to enjoy most movies more than the critics .
prediction: that sounds interesting
truth: he was jordan belford . . . the main character .
prediction: he did a great job . he s a great actor .
truth: i think it has good animation graphics i at least remember the large blue character
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: ah ive heard a lot about this !
prediction: i like the movie
truth: hello ! let s talk about shape of water .
prediction: hello
truth: i wanted to see more outcome
prediction: i think that one is the best in the movie
truth: not sure then . awesome movie though
prediction: i remember hearing about home alone in the traps .
truth: it would be woody of course !
prediction: i think the rotten tomatoes score is quite high .
truth: i have never seen the movie but i am UNK with this movie and other like it every time i go out to the UNK
prediction: i liked her in the cave nick
truth: would you say there is a lot of action and fast cut scenes ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: the one that he s not in
prediction: the movie is definitely a war movie but it is not my favorite .
truth: wow
prediction: i did not know that him
truth: he is definitely among the top actors
prediction: that is a high score
truth: sally hawkins is the mute custodian michael shannon is the corrupt military official in charge of the asset m richard jenkins octavia spencer and michael stuhlbarg
prediction: i like the idea of this movie but i am a big fan of his other works .
truth: plot twists UNK well i am still not convinced because it has those UNK . . . ugh .
prediction: oh that sounds good . i like the cast .
truth: he is always funny in the office
prediction: is it a movie or about ?
truth: cool ! what does the super suit do ?
prediction: what is the main character ?
truth: yes
prediction: i thought it was funny
truth: tom right ?
prediction: oh i am hanks
truth: the main character is a women
prediction: it s a superhero movie with a rotten tomatoes score of 96
truth: so this movie is a classic .
prediction: the movie is called the blind side .
truth: i like robin wright . i think she s the president in house of cards but i am not sure .
prediction: is it just a movie ?
truth: from what i am reading it s part of the marvel comic movies . tons of those have come out lately .
prediction: i like best movie too .
truth: i love steve carell . i think he was a pretty good fit for the voice especially considering this was a comedy . how did you like the animations ?
prediction: i thought he was a great actor . i thought that was a lot of good plot how did you like the animations ?
truth: hahahahah
prediction: i think he did a great job . . .
truth: nice
prediction: ok
truth: nice . it has ti mcgraw in it too apparently .
prediction: oh really . i like that it was based on a true story .
truth: yes that is a great description of the film it is based off a true story as well .
prediction: i have not seen that .
truth: john hughes movies always remind me of my childhood and movies i watch on holidays .
prediction: i am surprised at the rotten tomatoes score is low for rotten tomatoes .
truth: is it a documentary ?
prediction: oh i see that it s a good movie that does not say that is it worth watching ?
truth: way before i was born . it is definitely a classic
prediction: i love that movie
truth: it is based on a short story written by richard matheson called steel .
prediction: it s about a newspaper who returns into a rural who is rigged by robots morgan freeman and a playboy
truth: yes ! what about you ?
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: yes
prediction: yes
truth: yes !
prediction: yes i have
truth: yes i saw that movie
prediction: yes
truth: what is the name of the movie
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: it is . somewhat boring for some people but still interesting .
prediction: i like the action scenes
truth: oh yeah ! the plan of revenge against regina ? that was awesome !
prediction: yes it s hard to follow the documents
truth: toy story was really ahead of its time
prediction: i agree . i liked that the way was a mess for that way !
truth: let me tell you about one scene so you can understand the movie better .
prediction: is it no in the future ?
truth: lol it helps to have it here in front of me haha
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: what have other people said about it ?
prediction: i am a fan of the names of the movie .
truth: yeah . i watch em when i can
prediction: it was based on a book
truth: ahh i guess we can not be that quick
prediction: what is the movie about the shark is or just ?
truth: awesome ! i bet my kids would like it is it old ?
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen it yet .
truth: wow lol
prediction: ok
truth: that was my reason for liking it too . i watch most of her movies
prediction: i have not seen that one .
truth: i am surprised that it does not have much character or story development being based on a book . . . the story is written for them !
prediction: yes he plays the role of this film
truth: i loved it too ! what was your favorite character ?
prediction: i thought it was very good .
truth: how are you doing ?
prediction: i am great .
truth: yes . it was
prediction: i have not seen it yet .
truth: hi
prediction: hello !
truth: how long ago was it made do you know ?
prediction: that is true . it has a really high score on his wife and a cinemascore .
truth: it features michael oher an offensive lineman who was drafted by the baltimore ravens of the nfl
prediction: oh i know that is mike .
truth: yes i like jeremy renner as hawkeye as well
prediction: iron man was in the marvel movies .
truth: wow justin timberlake ! and it is cool that eisenberg does a good job .
prediction: oh wow . i would say he s a good actor .
truth: oh agreed . its been awhile but its a unique super hero movie about a very intelligent business person trying to privatize security
prediction: oh wow that is great .
truth: the UNK responses were pretty good
prediction: i thought it was a good movie
truth: yeah i am too . .
prediction: i think it was a great movie !
truth: i am talking about lala land
prediction: i have not heard about ryan gosling in this movie but i am not sure if i ve seen it .
truth: kinda old
prediction: are you not ?
truth: yes i have .
prediction: no i have not .
truth: i like iron man
prediction: yes
truth: yes jaws
prediction: i am going to talk about the movie
truth: the movie i was assigned is mean girls .
prediction: the movie is the imitation game .
truth: like war movies ?
prediction: have you seen the movie the avengers ?
truth: hi there . what did you think of the post ?
prediction: hello
truth: you were going to tell me about a movie last time out
prediction: how are you ?
truth: although i wish there was more pie in it i thought spielberg did a good job directing .
prediction: yes it was definitely well done .
truth: yeah she definitely did the part justice . do you think the movie did the previous inspirations like charles perrault s fairy tale and sleeping beauty justice ?
prediction: i agree with that rating was an a
truth: so it s kind of a family movie then ?
prediction: i am not sure . i was just a little bit about ?
truth: well regina george was played by rachel mcadams . no wonder it s hard for you to pick in that case !
prediction: i do not think i would like to see it again !
truth: it s really sad when buzz realizes that he s a toy
prediction: i think that is a good movie
truth: any other questions i can answer ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: i like him maybe ill watch it . i guess when someone says it the years most seriously pleasurable entertainment you have to take notice .
prediction: the movie is a very high rating of a score of 87 100 .
truth: the beginning is sad as a young boy his parents are murdered .
prediction: oh nice
truth: lacey chabert is great too
prediction: comic
truth: fun with dick and jane is one of his best in my opinion .
prediction: i have not seen bruce almighty !
truth: judy hopps comes from a rural town to chase her dream to be a police officer in urban zootopia .
prediction: there just is a great movie i enjoy .
truth: i agree he is a good actor
prediction: i like him . he is a good actor
truth: oh that looked interesting . could you tell me about it ?
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: i have never seen the movie but they seem fair .
prediction: i am not a fan of the critics but i think it was pretty good .
truth: i am fine what about you ?
prediction: i am doing well thanks .
truth: hi
prediction: yes i am here .
truth: i think christian bale suited the role ! he really pulled off the strong and determined bruce wayne .
prediction: yes i do movies especially a lot of them .
truth: well i guess other people certainly liked it .
prediction: oh so i am not sure i would like to see it . do you like the movie ?
truth: i dont think i have seen any movies with him in it . i am so interested to watch this movie
prediction: i do not know if i do not do with the awesome . i do not think .
truth: yes i would its definitely as good as those movies . . .
prediction: i would have to say surprised i am not into the other movies but i am not sure what would you say it is a movie ?
truth: and it came out in 2017 !
prediction: i think he did a great job with daniel stern
truth: lol
prediction: i like him too .
truth: definitely ! you should really give it a try . any reason for not seeing it yet ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: what made you cry ?
prediction: i think so
truth: batman v superman dawn of justice 2016
prediction: the blind side . have you seen it ?
truth: i liked bo peep but i also really loved woody
prediction: i loved it was a cute movie but i think it was a cute movie made my favorite year old
truth: yes
prediction: i like it .
truth: do you like how keanu reeves acts ?
prediction: i think the critics say well
truth: macaulay caulkin as kevin
prediction: the main character is the main character
truth: it focuses on john wick a retired hitman seeking vengeance for the theft of his car and killing his dog .
prediction: it s a biography about a hitman who retired killing killing his car and puppy killed his car for revenge during his car
truth: yes i have . have you ?
prediction: no i have not seen it . it s been out with a long time . i have not seen it .
truth: what is the name of the movie you are reading about
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: i have to be honest i ve never heard of the directors actually but i will be following them closely from now on .
prediction: it s a very good movie
truth: he was homeless ?
prediction: that sounds very interesting . how long is the movie ?
truth: i feel like for me seeing different aspects of these different things can really change our perspective and how we treat others . this movie helped me see this .
prediction: i agree
truth: i do not know specifically how long it is but is a feature film so long
prediction: yes it is a world of comedy
truth: lol agreed
prediction: oh that is a fun then for both adults .
truth: ive only seen that a few times
prediction: yeah i think i would have to say that i ve seen it
truth: okay sounds interesting and funny at the same time
prediction: i have never seen that movie but objective justin timberlake as well . it s really good !
truth: comes from a UNK area
prediction: it s not a major spielberg movie
truth: i thought there were a lot of interesting lessons to be learned even for adults .
prediction: i liked that the animation was a little confusing for woody
truth: i am kind of surprised it has on average 5 10 on ratings i thought it was higher rated
prediction: i do not think i ve heard about it . i have not seen it but i have not seen it .
truth: yeah ? ryan gosling too i see .
prediction: do you like movies as a director of a grown man who complains for the government s and live
truth: yeah lol sorry
prediction: i am not sure about that
truth: sorry bro i am also satheesh
prediction: i am good .
truth: yes it was the first computer animated movie .
prediction: i agree . i really like that movie i did not think that was all in the movie
truth: no .
prediction: no i have not .
truth: have you seen the avengers movie ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: i thought this was a nice twist to the original . sadly the human was the cause for the tragedy stephen s betrayal . . .
prediction: i think the reviews were pretty good . i do not think i would have to be interested in a movie .
truth: haha
prediction: i like that it was based on a book of the same city . i am not sure how it is about turning to help it during times
truth: in terms of military ability it just seems out of reach . how about the actors ? what did you think about dicaprio s performance ?
prediction: i think that is why i think that the movie was based on the comic of the movie .
truth: cool yes i do like drama movies how about you ?
prediction: yes i do . i do not usually watch movies in this genre .
truth: it came out in 2010 . directed by pierre coffin and chris renaud
prediction: it is a great movie .
truth: it s kind of tongue in cheek and having spielberg for director was a good UNK
prediction: wasnt a cinemascore of a
truth: apparently it is a very vivid film . . . audience is surrounded with chaos and horror from the UNK
prediction: robert downey jr . is via . . . .
truth: its leonardo dicaprio tom hanks amy adams christopher walken and nathalie baye . it is based on a true story of frank abagnale
prediction: it s a historical drama
truth: definitely
prediction: yes
truth: is it funny ?
prediction: that sounds interesting !
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: yes a while back
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: i like the iron man and you ?
prediction: movie is not a movie with you . i love avengers movies .
truth: the movie i am talking about is dunkirk . its a good movie
prediction: i do not really love war movies but this one is great to see is the one with that i am really interested to .
truth: yes . great story . sports and family wise
prediction: i love the part of the movie
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: yes ! !
prediction: haha
truth: i can not really remember the plots that well . i think the kid that owns all the toys was moving or something ?
prediction: if you can watch the movies to watch it yesterday
truth: i suppose you could tell me a little bit more if you want
prediction: i do not like animation movies .
truth: just asking as i wonder what ai think about them
prediction: i think it should have a higher to this how they are to do
truth: wow sounds like the character faced a lot of adversity
prediction: is he the movie based on the book of the same name ?
truth: any other major characters ?
prediction: does the movie take place ?
truth: i am pretty UNK i do not think they are more or less interesting than live action movies
prediction: yes i do ! i do not know why about the animated movies from that .
truth: and after that ?
prediction: what year did it come out ?
truth: morgan freeman ?
prediction: christopher nolan is a little funny but he was great .
truth: oh cool so pretty good actors
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: they were not making fun of leo s character ?
prediction: i am not sure i do not like him as a director
truth: the ratings where pretty high 8 . 1 10
prediction: i am good
truth: im great what about you
prediction: i am good
truth: home alone
prediction: we are going to discuss about
truth: i read about the blind side . have you seen it ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: i feel like it addressed that to some extent
prediction: i did not know that . i was surprised by the three the characters were dull . what did you think of the plot ?
truth: yeah randall is a great character
prediction: yes he did not like him
truth: i like the part where they were training in the library
prediction: i am not sure if they are making a sequel .
truth: lol i doubt it . but it would be awesome if steve jobs did produce it . steve jo produced the hallmark of the greatest children s films .
prediction: i think he was a good choice for the characters .
truth: the critical responses do not seem that good either
prediction: i think i would have to check it out .
truth: do you know what the tesseract is ?
prediction: i think thor was a good choice to play
truth: UNK
prediction: i like the story and superman comic UNK
truth: thor UNK a mighty hammer .
prediction: does not say that . i like avengers movies ! is very good .
truth: it got pretty good reviews
prediction: i like history
truth: the critics say it the best animated movie since the little mermaid and beauty and the beast .
prediction: it s a lot of animation .
truth: i have seen many previous marvel universe films
prediction: i think i saw the second one and heroes .
truth: ok .
prediction: she was not good
truth: i have to say woody
prediction: yes it s a great movie for kids and adults alike .
truth: oh no but it looked interesting
prediction: i did
truth: ha ha
prediction: i thought it was pretty good . how did you like the movie ?
truth: okay we both see it then . sometimes only one person does
prediction: have you seen it before ?
truth: i loved margot robbie her character was very attractive
prediction: i agree . i would like to watch it again
truth: i did not get a chance to see it in 3d
prediction: no i did not know that .
truth: jennifer aniston breaks up with him because as god he becomes a real jerk .
prediction: i am not sure i would say it is a comedy drama
truth: one critical response was though the premise of fighting robots does seem a intriguing concept real steel is UNK by cliche moments of a stubborn boy teaching his dad UNK
prediction: it is a good movie .
truth: honestly i would do that
prediction: yes i recommend it
truth: unless your the kid that gets left at home . then your not so lucky .
prediction: i think it is a good movie
truth: it is exciting to see nick finally see the man he pretty much looks up to
prediction: it s about jay gatsby as well .
truth: the critics are on par with what the movie stand for . it also make you think about the stereotypes too . do you agree ?
prediction: i think they are so fun .
truth: i did although i thought that part was a little sad . my favorite was when they come up with a plan to UNK from UNK
prediction: i think buzz was a great choice for buzz
truth: is he a superhero ?
prediction: i agree . i was not surprised by a few .
truth: does the movie have any actors you like ?
prediction: i like the first one
truth: i love him ! he is such a good actor !
prediction: leonardo dicaprio .
truth: its about diana price an immortal amazon warrior who is the crown princess
prediction: the movie is about a princess who is mistakenly left home alone
truth: it s about a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family goes to paris for christmas
prediction: the movie is about a boy who is left left behind his family left left left left behind left left left left his house .
truth: let s chat about home alone
prediction: yes i like that movie
truth: i love me a good comedy how about you ?
prediction: i have not seen that movie yet . have you seen the movie the social network ?
truth: critical responses are always scary
prediction: yes i loved the movie .
truth: the pixies were nice too
prediction: i think it would be a good UNK to UNK UNK
truth: which one is the main character ?
prediction: i do not think i have not .
truth: i think robert shaw was iconic in that movie as the shark hunter .
prediction: yes ! it s hard to be a classic movie overall was not too accurate .
truth: 74 100 is a really great score
prediction: i like the game too
truth: the popular girls are called plastics
prediction: i guess i will have to check it out .
truth: this is based on a true story . . . . i love awesome stories like this
prediction: the movie is based on a book by the same name by between richard dreyfuss .
truth: do you feel like the movie glorified jordan belfort ?
prediction: i really liked the story line was a bit of the story . i really liked the story was in it .
truth: that is pretty good
prediction: oh i like how they uses some of the great post
truth: looking back this was a star studded cast oh my i dont remember all these people being in the movie
prediction: oh really
truth: ok i have not seen this batman movie yet . was it good ?
prediction: christian bale was batman .
truth: i m UNK
prediction: i am fine . what movie is you read about ?
truth: no i have not
prediction: yeah i have not seen it .
truth: do you know the cast ? anybody good ?
prediction: yes it is . i think it should have been a lot of critical responses that it has .
truth: i am from india my name is naren
prediction: florida florida as florida
truth: hi there .
prediction: hello
truth: i guess spiderman .
prediction: i am not sure about the batman . i am sure it was the first the batman material
truth: it s about creating a company ?
prediction: i am not sure if you like so much about it ?
truth: yes it was all put together well . do you think it was a military thriller ?
prediction: i think that the film is not a plus . it was not that christian bale was a mess .
truth: 13
prediction: yes i do not recall ages ages ages ages ages .
truth: yeah . . its very creative i like that part of it . christopher directed many UNK like dark night dark night rises UNK
prediction: oh so it is a really violent movie .
truth: i would recommend it if you like animation and children s stories .
prediction: i would say it is a romantic comedy .
truth: extractors who perform corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of their targets through a shared dream world .
prediction: the movie is about the movie who played by tim allen who was adopted by new main character .
truth: sorry
prediction: oh that is true ? i think i see it when family would film it ?
truth: now i know why some of the minions sound funny there was a french animation studio .
prediction: i think it is a funny movie
truth: christopher nolan
prediction: it has a good cast of actors and the actors are very good .
truth: you mean paltrow ?
prediction: i like the movie but i like them and i like him
truth: yes i have . have you seen it too ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: oh ok i do like a fantasy film whats the main premise ?
prediction: i like all the actors in the movie
truth: i have not seen it before but the ratings are quite low
prediction: i do like romance movies but i think this one was a great movie .
truth: do you like scorsese as a director ?
prediction: i have not seen the movie . have you ?
truth: hi there ! good how are you ?
prediction: hello ! i am good how are you ?
truth: what movie is similar to it ?
prediction: is it justin ?
truth: 2010 its not live animated its computer animated
prediction: i think it was released in theatres .
truth: most uses of the word fuck in any movie ever .
prediction: i would love to see it again .
truth: yeah i now what you mean
prediction: yes it is . i also like the director that joel edgerton is in it .
truth: yes i love terrence howard s character
prediction: i agree . i am not surprised that it got a lot on rotten tomatoes which is exceptionally .
truth: who else ?
prediction: i think genius too bad
truth: do you stream it or own it on blu ray ?
prediction: i like the scenes . i like the character of starring a lot of UNK
truth: i loved the moors
prediction: i thought the reviews was great
truth: no reason just one of the ones i have not gotten around to . what did you enjoy about it ?
prediction: i really enjoyed it .
truth: really ? is he frank ?
prediction: i do not have to see this movie . do you know who directed the director ?
truth: yes and lisa ann as debbie
prediction: i like jim carrey s performance
truth: haha awesome
prediction: yes
truth: zootopia
prediction: the post
truth: pretty well you ?
prediction: i am good thanks .
truth: jaws is the title .
prediction: the movie is called the blind side
truth: hi .
prediction: hello
truth: yes because it kind of ties into that movies
prediction: yes it was a very good movie to watch
truth: is it funny like marvel movies or more dark like dc ?
prediction: oh okay . i would not watch it again .
truth: that sounds pretty harsh
prediction: i agree .
truth: lol infinity wars i think
prediction: i think i have seen avengers with him in other films .
truth: sounds like a reasonable thing to do
prediction: that is right
truth: i have not seen it as well
prediction: it s a comedy animation movie that is not a good movie but i am not sure if you can
truth: john goodman is always good .
prediction: i do not really care for any other movies . . .
truth: what did you like about the movie ?
prediction: i think that is a low rating on rotten tomatoes but that is pretty good .
truth: yeah it seems like it s been out for years . i can not remember how old it is .
prediction: i like the movie too much
truth: its cool
prediction: it is a great movie .
truth: i did not know it was based on a book though
prediction: the movie is based on the life of sleeping beauty . it s a musical movie .
truth: one of the worst dc movies
prediction: it is a movie of a superhero movie
truth: i am doing great just looking for a movie to watch .
prediction: i am good . how are you ?
truth: i am not sure . i have not read about it . i do not see any text unfortunately .
prediction: i am not sure about that .
truth: i really liked it too ! i liked that tom UNK voiced woody because he s one of my favorite actors .
prediction: i thought it was very interesting i think that it s animated .
truth: great . you ?
prediction: i am doing great thanks .
truth: the nolan batman movies would be an exception
prediction: yes i like the movie i think so . i guess the movie was good and i think i will be interested
truth: i liked her . i thought her and nick were a well fit team . i thought it was clever that they put a fox and rabbit together
prediction: judy was a good pick .
truth: i usually watch indian comedies
prediction: i just read the last review of the film . i am surprised it got a rotten tomatoes score of 94 .
truth: here s another critic
prediction: i do not think i would like to watch you movies
truth: well maybe he was lucky because he felt less than appreciated around that house as the youngest
prediction: i would have lucky to see the movie . i know that was the movie was not a movie at all .
truth: oh my ! ! i do not think i ve ever seen a 100 rating !
prediction: he is the director
truth: i think this is his most recent effort although its already 4 years old
prediction: yes he is a seeing
truth: she acted really good as a def person
prediction: i agree with you . i did not know it was based on a book of a coming who was homeschooled for the baltimore ravens .
truth: what was your number one scene ?
prediction: i agree
truth: the fight between the iron man and hulk is superb .
prediction: i like how they were able to pull series series series series them .
truth: leonardo UNK is the main character
prediction: i do not really
truth: who stars in the movie ?
prediction: i love the movie and i like it too much . it s a good comedy and based on a true story .
truth: no i have not seen the avengers !
prediction: oh cool . what is it about ?
truth: i am not sure . i have only seen the movie
prediction: yes it is a great movie . i think it is a classic christmas movie
truth: lets talk the post
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: good thanks . you ?
prediction: i am good .
truth: not at first but she learn s as well . you know how it is
prediction: yes . it s an action movie
truth: it can happen sometimes . and no i have not read that either .
prediction: no i have not read a movie .
truth: first the fact that it is action
prediction: is it a violent film or not you read you would like it ?
truth: we will see . the preview i ve seen so far looks wonderful .
prediction: i think that is a pretty good point . i love jim carrey .
truth: who would you say is your favorite character of the movie anna or elsa ?
prediction: yes
truth: 1990
prediction: it s not listed in the case .
truth: yeah it got 91 on rotten tomatoes and an a on cinema score
prediction: i did not . it was such a big movie but it was not made by the same name
truth: i just noticed it has cilian murphy in it !
prediction: i like the way of the dark knight
truth: how were the reviews ?
prediction: oh wow that is cool
truth: yes but not his best work
prediction: it s a comedy
truth: yep
prediction: yes i see her
truth: it also starts tom hanks christopher walken and amy adams
prediction: i have not seen it but i ve heard about it . it s a really good movie .
truth: UNK
prediction: i love that it is about a guy and a woman in the game
truth: he does i cant remember that scene please remind me
prediction: i think it was pretty good as well as its casted
truth: not yet am intrested to watch
prediction: i have seen it . it is a great movie . i like the movie in my opinion .
truth: the movie is despicable me .
prediction: yes
truth: he is . his movies have been very good .
prediction: i think we are not too in the batman but i think i will try to see this movie .
truth: it does not have a good rating that makes think it is a regular movie .
prediction: i like them . is my favorite scene ?
truth: yes i would too .
prediction: i have not seen it but i ve seen it . it was really good .
truth: i agree . i can see why it led to batman pursuing a life of crime fighting .
prediction: i agree about that .
truth: yes i agree . what was your favorite UNK in the movie ?
prediction: he was great in this movie too directing . i wonder if he s a great actor .
truth: maybe theres alot of bad language and drug use
prediction: yes
truth: yeah it really shows him as a human and how he could create this cool new tech but he had to be kind of mean to do it
prediction: i think that is interesting to be true to the real life events .
truth: do you like the biographical movie genre ?
prediction: i agree it was great .
truth: they are trying to get information to convince his son and his heir to dissolve his UNK company
prediction: it s a good idea from 2014
truth: cool !
prediction: i like the cast of the movie
truth: its about a genius inventor he creates weapons and eventually UNK a suit
prediction: robert downey plays tony stark iron man
truth: i do not like loki
prediction: yes i like ooo hulk !
truth: what is the plot of the movie ?
prediction: i like belfort too . he is amazing to be a good actor .
truth: i really like meryl streep so that was a point in it s favor before even watching it .
prediction: i think i ve seen it .
truth: really . . . i have heard about that movie but i have never seen it .
prediction: i have not seen that movie
truth: hi ! how are you ?
prediction: hello
truth: cinemascore gave it an a
prediction: ok
truth: rotten tomatoes score is pretty good too
prediction: yeah . i love the character too . he s a good choice . he s awesome in this
truth: then they become friends
prediction: i think it is a superhero movie that has a UNK of a UNK UNK .
truth: what is the under privileged athletes name ?
prediction: it has sandra bullock
truth: it s so funny ! ! !
prediction: i like the cast as well
truth: i told you . nolan has raised that genre to the level of art .
prediction: i do not remember much about the name . i am a big fan of the UNK and that you will enjoy it . . .
truth: i see it is from 1990
prediction: i agree with you . i would have a traps .
truth: i like tom hanks ! what is the general plotline ?
prediction: i think it s a 3d movie but i think you should go watch it again .
truth: how do you think robert downer jr . did in his performance ?
prediction: i like the first one .
truth: i think this is a imitation game
prediction: the movie is about the main UNK between hiccup and the movie is very good and the title is humor
truth: the cast includes michael stuhlbarg octavia spencer . . .
prediction: yes
truth: why is that ?
prediction: batman vs superman .
truth: i love that movie its a great flash back to my childhood
prediction: i agree . i really enjoyed it .
truth: hello the movie is wonder woman !
prediction: the movie is zootopia
truth: i am reading the document now
prediction: hi
truth: hei
prediction: hi
truth: UNK is pretty intense when it deals with such high level stuff .
prediction: i think i ve heard of him . what is the name of the movie ?
truth: i like his hair very much
prediction: yes
truth: this one definitely will i am thinking of watching it tonight
prediction: i like the movie
truth: ok . i like watching biographies over reading them
prediction: it is a war movie about corporate espionage money who is played by leonardo dicaprio and he has in it and he has in it .
truth: they are all really interesting but my favorite is that the sisters create a little snowman who talks and he is so cute
prediction: i am not sure about the other actors . i am trying to figure out for the movie .
truth: i think twice .
prediction: i have seen it multiple times and i was just a bit about it .
truth: michael wazowski a 7 year old monster who aspires to be a scarer .
prediction: i agree
truth: agreed . i think it is neat that the boy got signed to the nfl .
prediction: she did a great job in this movie .
truth: surprised it was not rated higher on metacritic and rotten tomatoes
prediction: i agree . i love that the movie was based on true events in the movie that is a true story .
truth: yeah . . . makes me feel really old . lol
prediction: i have not seen it yet . i am not sure what to ask is it .
truth: the movie is toy story
prediction: oh ok
truth: it is about a bunny from rural bunnyburrow who wants to fulfill her childhood dream of becoming a police officer in urban zootopia
prediction: it s a disney movie about two sisters who attempts it
truth: i really love the story it s really adorable . who is your favorite character ? mine is elsa
prediction: yes i have .
truth: yes i have
prediction: i have not seen it but i have not seen it
truth: thoughts on this movie ?
prediction: how are you ?
truth: the movie today is called lala land . it stars ryan gosling and emma stone .
prediction: how are you ?
truth: i think it was guy UNK that directed it . it s about british mobsters who UNK an expensive UNK .
prediction: the film is funny during the world and make it .
truth: the shark only goes after party people ? that is kind of funny . what else happens in the movie ?
prediction: that is a great teens . i do not think that is a real life .
truth: i liked the dynamic of the story . having sulley be from a long line of scarers really made it interesting
prediction: i liked the scene where sebastian was a threat to be a scarer that could be a scarer that would be a scarer
truth: black UNK it s good and justice league it s not that bad
prediction: it s not a super hero movies movies but i usually like that .
truth: i really liked it ! sandra bullock did a very good job in it !
prediction: yes i think i ve seen her in it but have done it also .
truth: they UNK t really expressing their opinion about it . they were sharing government secrets during this war .
prediction: i am not sure .
truth: it received a cinema score of a
prediction: it was a really good movie to get a better rating
truth: was not the topic supposed to change after 3 exchanges ?
prediction: i agree . i think that it s a long time for me .
truth: what was your favorite scene of the movie
prediction: i also like the movie because of ryan gosling and emma stone
truth: it actually did really well . it scored an average of about 8 . 5 out of 10 .
prediction: that sounds interesting .
truth: wow . i ve probably heard some references to this before but that sounds interesting . who directed it again ?
prediction: that is a good one ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
truth: i like movies with chuck UNK UNK . i like some marvel movies too !
prediction: do you like action movies ?
truth: you should UNK watch this movie again it has a 100 in rotten tomatoes
prediction: i agree . i also loved the whole animated movie the toys was very well done in the past .
truth: the avengers
prediction: it s home alone .
truth: we are going to be talking about bruce almighty right ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: hello how are you ?
prediction: hello
truth: yeah i liked yax too . he was the UNK with long hair right ?
prediction: i think judy hopps to as the whole thing and are always just for the bad !
truth: no . i am not too good a remembering actor s names or general actors without seeing their faces .
prediction: i think the ratings are pretty good .
truth: poor kid
prediction: when did you like the scene where the movie was made in color ?
truth: yes very good
prediction: it was a good movie and the story of the movie
truth: yes he does
prediction: he is ray moon . he was also steal the moon in the movie
truth: it s about the leader of an UNK race called the UNK .
prediction: it was released in 2016 .
truth: steve trevor
prediction: he is a good director
truth: seems kind of low in my opinion . interesting side note movie is based on a true story
prediction: it was not that good
truth: that is interesting !
prediction: i think the movie is the same name . i think that is a real life . what is it about ?
truth: that is alright c
prediction: i like it
truth: heart thief
prediction: sorry
truth: not really on rotten tomatoes its only got a 48 rating .
prediction: yes i am here .
truth: who stars in it
prediction: it has an animated animation of the story line .
truth: yes ofcourse i loved that movie
prediction: no i have not .
truth: going good here . ya ready ?
prediction: i am a big of the movie .
truth: why don t you
prediction: it was . i think it was a good movie . i think it was a good movie .
truth: so that says something about it
prediction: i like him too
truth: jennifer aniston plays his girlfriend in this one . this would have been when she was really popular .
prediction: haha . i have not seen that movie but i do not know who was in as well .
truth: about two hours and UNK minutes
prediction: i think he is in it as well . he s a whether and whether .
truth: would you have chosen to watch this movie based on its plot even if the ratings were not as decent as they are ?
prediction: i think it was pretty interesting but i would think it was on the time .
truth: hiccup is easily the best character in the film . his character arc is really interesting .
prediction: i think so .
truth: i m sorry ?
prediction: they are bias a few years ago
truth: they are a lot of people you may not know by name but they are in a lot of movies
prediction: it s about a mute cleaner who falls in a river forest and falls in a river and eventually through sign language to the beach
truth: i love christopher walken !
prediction: i have not seen it but i have heard about it . i ve heard a few of it .
truth: what is it about ?
prediction: oh i like it . i do not know the rating of the movie ?
truth: i do for the most part
prediction: it has a good cast and gal gadot
truth: but what does he have to do ?
prediction: i am not sure about that
truth: i am going to talk to you for a while about iron man this is a superhero movie .
prediction: it is a superhero movie called the marvel comics .
truth: UNK is agreat actor
prediction: i think the actors are the same for the movie is the same time .
truth: it has meryl strep and tom hanks in it it s about the first female publisher of the washington post and they were going to publish the pentagon papers
prediction: it s about the first female publisher of the washington post and they were going to publish the pentagon papers
truth: looks like we are talking about wolf of wallstreet
prediction: i am a good thanks .
truth: hi there
prediction: hello
truth: i love the revenge plot the best i think
prediction: yes ! i think the movie is very well acted as well
truth: so the family is at their families house in chicago gathering together before their trip to paris . the night before kevin and his brother get into a fight
prediction: he is the one of his childhood and his siblings parents his childhood over his house birthday .
truth: do you recommend it ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: who s in it ?
prediction: oh that sounds like a good one ! ! it s a historical drama movie ?
truth: i have not seen that either but i ve seen this one . i do not really know what black monday is and forgot what year that was .
prediction: what do you think about the movie ?
truth: i do enjoy historical movies that pertain to nazi germany . the premise sounds intriguing .
prediction: i do not think i have a lot test test about that .
truth: it s definitely a comedy slapstick style humor and awesome jokes .
prediction: i thought it was well received but i think he was good .
truth: that sounds good . did you see it ?
prediction: oh ok .
truth: interesting . i wonder if it s a government creation or something captured from the wild . i would assume the wild .
prediction: does it have good actors in it ?
truth: sandra bullock is a good actress .
prediction: sandra bullock is a great actress .
truth: friday did good at hiding her feeling for tony and he did not notice . he was not my favorite due to that piece .
prediction: i think the casting was great . i liked the concept of the art .
truth: who is the lead actor ?
prediction: i think that is a lot of people
truth: hello
prediction: no i have not .
truth: good how are you ?
prediction: hello !
truth: so what movie are we going to talk about ?
prediction: i have not seen this movie before . have you seen it ?
truth: have you seen this movie ?
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: do you think it was a very different concept ?
prediction: i like the actors too . i felt like the movie and i like how they were great in the movie .
truth: i also think rich moore directed as well .
prediction: i agree . i liked the fact that she was in the first time .
truth: its about how his firm engaged in some really screwed up corruption and fraud
prediction: i love that movie too
truth: yeah i did not see the 3d version either
prediction: i think steve carell was a good in the movie . i do not think that is true at the 3d would the the movie .
truth: well it is an animated comedy adventure movie . there are some intense parts and the graphics are high quality as it was released in 2013
prediction: i do not know much about that but i do not think they are really good in the movie .
truth: i ve never seen it
prediction: it s a black comedy
truth: he does what he thinks he needs to do to keep the burglars away
prediction: i did not know that . i was just thinking about the film .
truth: who is your favorite actor of this movie aside from di caprio ?
prediction: i think it was very good . i am a big fan of his movies that was much .
truth: their romance in the film gets a little stale for a bit but it gets back on track and really hums at the end
prediction: emma stone did a great job with her in the role of her
truth: was it the cast or the script
prediction: i agree . i also love the movie and i think they are so they are so many xd well
truth: yes i have actually !
prediction: yes i have seen it but i have not seen it .
truth: have you seen it before ?
prediction: oh ok . what is the name of the movie ?
truth: never heard of her
prediction: i have not seen the movie . it s a great movie .
truth: love tom hanks
prediction: i am good thank you
truth: ever watched home alone ?
prediction: have you seen the movie catch me if you can ?
truth: how are you ? have you seen UNK your dragon ?
prediction: hello
truth: hahaha
prediction: what is the movie about ? i do not think i would have to watch it then ?
truth: well that movie is awful .
prediction: i am not sure about that but i do not know what i would recognize it .
truth: whoa so a villain movie that is good for kids ? that is interesting ! these guys are comedians is it a funny movie ?
prediction: main is gru . the one is gru s character is great . he s great .
truth: oh nice .
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: marvel has really stepped up their game in recent years
prediction: i think he is a great actor .
truth: from the info on the left it seems like a pretty interesting movie .
prediction: i would say that
truth: what you think about thor
prediction: i have not seen this movie .
truth: were there any actors in the film that you particularly like
prediction: i think i will watch the message . i think it s a bit of a movie that was a happy spielberg
truth: whoops ! i meant they are planning for its sequel . would you see it ?
prediction: i love the way that i saw it . . .
truth: when she was young she fell in love with a human peasant boy named stefan who UNK her for his own ambitions
prediction: that is good . i do like it in the film .
truth: oh yeah
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: clint barton is also UNK by the loki .
prediction: very nice and what other stark is in the movie
truth: it depicts the true story of attempts made by journalists to publish some pentagon classified documents
prediction: oh i have heard of this movie before . how is the movie ?
truth: i thought chris pine played him well about as good as could be expected .
prediction: i agree i thought that the film was great as wonder woman was a great director for the film .
truth: yeah they were pretty good . did you think it was funny ?
prediction: i agree with the ratings
truth: oh it is a good movie you should see it then
prediction: yes i just watched it . i was not sure how it came out in 1995 . you should watch it .
truth: the thing is gatsby s whole UNK UNK on getting daisy back
prediction: i like that he makes his work on his own father
truth: that is great my 3 yr old granddaughter shoots like it then do you think ?
prediction: its a high rating on rotten tomatoes and metacritic score of 100
truth: gru plans to steal and shrink the moon another supervillian stole the pyramid
prediction: gru plans stole the pyramid of the pyramid .
truth: who s jeff bridges UNK ?
prediction: i think they was a big part of the plot
truth: that is different this is a little more modern
prediction: i would not recommend it . i am not sure if it s on netflix or netflix .
truth: hmm i haven t seen that movie either .
prediction: yeah it was pretty good
truth: i am not sure who in society is supposed to be the herbivores and who are the carnivores .
prediction: i agree . i think the 3 between being a good director .
truth: it is a comedy
prediction: i think it s a very cute movie
truth: however it has a score of a in cinemascore
prediction: it s a comedy
truth: did you take your kids to see it ? mine thought was adorable
prediction: i agree . i also liked the movie as well
truth: oh animated movie . . . i like those . do you know if it has a long run time ?
prediction: who is the main character ?
truth: well it follows a group of toys who come to life when no one is looking . they pretend to be lifeless when humans are present
prediction: it s about toys and toys goodman and buzz lightyear
truth: i think patty jenkins take on the comic was amazing .
prediction: i am a big fan of the film .
truth: have you seen inception before ? one of my favorite movies
prediction: have you seen the movie the blindside ?
truth: hello .
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: hmm foster care was in UNK .
prediction: i thought it was a good movie .
truth: and would you say he was UNK at the end ?
prediction: what movie was it ?
truth: agree . dr . nefario is quite funny too
prediction: yes i agree with the critics but it was very funny and still for sure
truth: it was funny because she was stuck in illinois
prediction: i liked the first scene where he was not doing her . she was just a good choice for their role .
truth: thats a great cast . how is the music soundtrack ?
prediction: that sounds like a good movie !
truth: yeah people can criticize a piece of work but will never come close to doing anything like it
prediction: i agree i think that is true .
truth: what about the other actors
prediction: i like sandra bullock
truth: is it live action or animated ?
prediction: oh wow he was interact
truth: sure can you tell me about it ?
prediction: i have not seen that movie
truth: no i have not seen it but from what i see it is very good sandra bullock UNK and i am fascinated by her work .
prediction: it was released in 2017 and i love it
truth: so what movie are we going to char about today ?
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about
truth: hi yea they do not seem impressed .
prediction: i think it was great .
truth: it is jesse eisenberg as mark zuckerberg andrew garfield as eduardo saverin justin timberlake as sean parker armie hammer as cameron and tyler winklevoss max minghella as divya narendra
prediction: oh ok . is it a good movie ?
truth: hi great thanks ! how about you ?
prediction: i am good how about you ?
truth: do you like this movie
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone
truth: have you seen the movie inception ?
prediction: hello
truth: pretty cool those two guys .
prediction: i think i would have to agree with the electromagnet scene torn of the movie is a bit of the end .
truth: the death of coulson is very touching .
prediction: i dont know . what dont is this movie about ?
truth: oh
prediction: the 14th are very good
truth: true you said enough tho in my opinion
prediction: yes
truth: the reviews on this look good too
prediction: yeah i think that is a good point of the story
truth: oh great and what critics think about this movie
prediction: i think it is a good movie based on a book
truth: turkers talk
prediction: nice thanks to me
truth: i wonder whats so good about it
prediction: it is a great movie
truth: yes i did . i also liked the fox nick wilde
prediction: i like her . i liked the animated movies the bunny were very interesting .
truth: yes it s very different movie
prediction: i have seen it . i was surprised it got a lot of it . i was not sure what is the main character ?
truth: no it actually came out in 2005
prediction: i have not . i have not seen it but i have seen it but i have not .
truth: no i haven t is it any good ?
prediction: yes i have .
truth: it was a nice movie . leonardo di caprio was a really good actor of this movie .
prediction: i have not seen it . what did you think of mark ruffalo ?
truth: i thought it was great ! it was amazing getting to see ww in the big screen after all this time
prediction: i like the comic character of steel .
truth: have you ever seen the movie home alone ?
prediction: yes i do . you can see the imitation game . the movie is not based on the comic book .
truth: i think they are ok . i am not really a fan of captain america though . what about you ?
prediction: yes i do
truth: i absolutely disagree . i do not believe it deserved such high ratings . i believe metacritic s rating is inflated .
prediction: i agree . i would say it was a great movie but i would not have to see it at least a while since not UNK .
truth: micheal the student the movie was centered around was in foster care
prediction: i am not sure if it s based on real life .
truth: whats something else that is fun about the movie ?
prediction: oh wow . i am not sure
truth: in the first scene bruce wayne falls into a dry well and was attacked by bats .
prediction: yes
truth: yes yes it was and it s beautiful . . . . it s from a b classification
prediction: i like batman vs superman superman . . . . . . . . .
truth: i saw commercials and i love the dresses ! they are so pretty
prediction: i liked the movie . i think it was a good movie to watch !
truth: amanda seyfried is in it too
prediction: i do not think she was good .
truth: what was it about her being a bunny that made them think that she would not be good at it ?
prediction: i think the movie is based on the comic book queen and the house s character is also play in the movie .
truth: i remember idris elba from the UNK
prediction: do you think that is the one where i loved ?
truth: the movie is interesting . the story is about the british army s retreat from dunkirk .
prediction: i do not have to see .
truth: its such a beautiful snowy movie
prediction: oh yeah
truth: leonardo dicaprio is the lead . jonah hill margot robbie also have roles .
prediction: it s an american movie
truth: all movies
prediction: i love batman begins
truth: then you would certainly like dunkirk because it s deeply involving and UNK .
prediction: i like the movie .
truth: yes i love that movie
prediction: i have . i was a little bit about it .
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: a cowboy doll
prediction: woody is woody
truth: hahaha ! i actually really disliked him in the movie so he did an awesome job of acting like the bad guy !
prediction: i agree ! i would have to know that they was a UNK magician of the movie . i thought it was a good movie to happen more than a
truth: i only know tom hanks from the actors .
prediction: i think i ve heard that that .
truth: it s also a great underdog story as well ! the protagonist is just so likeable !
prediction: i think i ve seen it in the viking scene and the film was great .
truth: ah i gotcha
prediction: i think the reviews are pretty harsh to me .
truth: it really does go to show what those in the stockbroker culture are truly interested in . not the people they represent .
prediction: i like dicaprio and hill the movie they were not portrayed too and betrayal for it
truth: is it an animation ?
prediction: has it been not accurate given given or much ?
truth: i think it was a great choice in actors honestly
prediction: i thought she was a good actress for the role
truth: who stars in it ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: i can not believe it s been over 40 years ago since it was released 1975 .
prediction: i am not into a fan of animated films especially .
truth: leonardo dicaprio
prediction: it s an american historical drama and keira knightly .
truth: yes of course !
prediction: it is a great movie with a rotten tomatoes of 27
truth: 10
prediction: i like the movie
truth: iron man is great
prediction: i like robert downey jr and the tesseract thor
truth: i gotta trash this hotel room
prediction: hi i am not familiar with you
truth: hey .
prediction: hello
truth: yes
prediction: i do not think i would like to watch it .
truth: along those lines yea
prediction: i am not sure about that but i am not sure how long it is
truth: his character is so weird in the movie
prediction: i do not think i could not go in the subject but i do not remember the time for him .
truth: wow sounds weird ha
prediction: i dont know that it is a fantasy drama drama
truth: slept on the couch in friend s house .
prediction: wow that was pretty good .
truth: agreed . so did you feel the score of a that cinemascore gave the film was appropriate ?
prediction: i agree with his acting was a great movie .
truth: the movie realesed 2012 april
prediction: yes
truth: yes i love when it s long because i never want it to end
prediction: it s a thriller ?
truth: does it have interesting costumes and design for the period
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: lol that sounds like a good movie . i could only imagine too lol
prediction: is it a comedy ?
truth: i agree i do not recall any other moves to focus on the villain the way they do in despicable me .
prediction: yes .
truth: that sounds very interesting . i did not realize it had all of those aspects involved in the plot .
prediction: it s a superhero movie .
truth: it is about a jazz pianist played by ryan gosling and an aspiring actress played by emma stone who are trying to make it in hollywood .
prediction: it is a war movie robert downey jr .
truth: it has a 59 percent score on rt can you believe it ?
prediction: it is a very high movie i enjoyed it was enjoyable for its kids .
truth: its about a young man who is a highly successful charming con artist . he cons everyone including the fbi by check fraud and pretending to be other people
prediction: it s a comedy called disney about a pan american called an american pilot
truth: hi !
prediction: hello !
truth: haha yeah it doesnt seem that old .
prediction: i yeah yeah ! i am not familiar with the UNK that but i do not remember anything else
truth: okay man nice to text you
prediction: that is a great movie
truth: what did you think of the minions ?
prediction: i liked that movie too .
truth: yeah . most do nowadays
prediction: i do not think so .
truth: elsa is crowned queen of UNK at the age of 21 right ?
prediction: yes
truth: wow that is crazy because i do remember seeing previews for it
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: i do not know any of the other actors
prediction: i think i would like to see if you like the plot of the film .
truth: i like kristen bell i think she did a really good job . didn
prediction: i think it s a really good movie i liked it a lot of 10 .
truth: how about emma stone ?
prediction: i really find it a little more . i really liked how long the movie is . . . you ?
truth: a mute custodian falls in love with a captured humanoid amphibian creature . interesting ! i have not seen it yet either .
prediction: it s a fantasy drama film based on the book
truth: very good movie . my kids love it . you should definitely check it out
prediction: it s a great movie .
truth: it s a pretty good movie . i enjoyed watching it . the characters and animation were really solid .
prediction: i have not seen this movie but i think i might have seen it
truth: i have not . what is it about ?
prediction: yes
truth: hugh jackman stars as charlie kenton .
prediction: it is a science fiction sports film in 2009
truth: great . have you seen the movie the blind side ?
prediction: have you seen catch me if you can ?
truth: for a superhero movie i thought it was quite good . did you like it ?
prediction: i have seen it but i really like the movie . it was pretty good .
truth: as do i .
prediction: i am not sure my kids watch it though i do not think i have ever seen any of this movie .
truth: totally agree . i normally do not considering the ratings when selecting a movie but for this one they are precise .
prediction: i think we have to watch the movie . i wonder if it s really good .
truth: says here this is the 14th pixar film i have not seen it
prediction: yes
truth: does she play a positive or a negative character ?
prediction: oh nice
truth: do you think adults like this film as much as children ?
prediction: i am not sure . i am not sure what it s about .
truth: it was a movie that did that . i really like movies like this . they are really good for children and adults .
prediction: i liked the scene where the UNK UNK was baba yaga . i think the movie are pretty good . what is your favorite ?
truth: this was pixars first full length movie .
prediction: i think it s a toy story of the film that is the high ratings from rotten tomatoes and 95 .
truth: who plays kevin
prediction: what happens
truth: me too . i think it would be good to have more of them .
prediction: did it come out in the movie ?
truth: this film stars ryan gosling and rachel mcadams are you familiar with them ?
prediction: it is a great movie that is the movie about a man named a police officer . .
truth: i really like billy crystal and miss that i have not seen him in much since the 90 s .
prediction: i gets the rotten tomatoes score is low low .
truth: steve carell is the voice of gru the super villain . he fit the part so well .
prediction: me too . i have not seen it but i have not seen it a few times
truth: hi !
prediction: hi !
truth: hi ! so what was the movies name you just read about ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: hello !
prediction: hi
truth: the pixies taking care of the UNK was funny
prediction: i think the way he got not on a young but he did not get him
truth: yes they do
prediction: no i do not think i would like to the two did UNK the two
truth: and amy adams is brenda strong
prediction: it s a lot of good actors in the movie
truth: it is amazing how far he has come
prediction: i like he s more when the story was a real
truth: i like cillian murphy . you ?
prediction: i am a big fan of his role . he higher
truth: what is the movie mainly about ?
prediction: that sounds interesting . what was it about ?
truth: yes the reporter is jim carrey and it also stars jennifer aniston as his wife and steve carell as the antagonist .
prediction: jim carrey plays a great director who is the antagonist .
truth: i did not know that wonder woman was in this movie too
prediction: i do not think it s a movie that i do not agree with the ratings .
truth: i was also a big fan of the scenes in UNK
prediction: i liked the hulk of the marvel characters which character up being the tech in the cave with eye .
truth: that is not too bad at all i do like sandra bullocks acting .
prediction: oh really good actors in this movie are good like most of those are you familiar with any good movies ?
truth: ha ! it must be a comedy then . i do not think i ve ever seen jim carrey in anything serious .
prediction: i like him !
truth: it seems very interesting . i wonder where i could find it ?
prediction: i agree . i really liked the first computer animated film .
truth: yes it s an animated cgi comedy .
prediction: i have not seen it but i have heard of it before but it sounds interesting .
truth: 69 on rotten tomatoes . and sandra bullock received an amazing feedback from critics and UNK for her performance on it
prediction: the movie is based on the biography of alan turing .
truth: i feel the same way ! i agree with cinemascore s rating of b ! so who was your favorite character ?
prediction: i thought it was better than the first one that is the first time it was a comedy from a movie .
truth: i do in fact ! have you heard about inception ?
prediction: have you seen the movie zootopia ?
truth: dan scanlon was the director .
prediction: it s a great movie that has something in a few times .
truth: i like to just enjoy movies
prediction: yeah that is what i am like that . i like the way they are not known in that role .
truth: i think that it was interesting that they UNK voice control over robots especially because it is so popular now
prediction: i think the his revelation was a good his . i think it was a little confusing .
truth: thanks . anyway i saw that christopher walken was also in the movie
prediction: i 7 .
truth: i am pretty sure he only wrote the script
prediction: yes .
truth: i thought he was pretty good . he is usually pretty believable in his roles
prediction: i think so . i think the movie was based on the story of the same time .
truth: haha yeah .
prediction: so that was sad !
truth: did he do the newer one also ?
prediction: i did not know he was the first female character .
truth: me too ! the actors in this movie are amazing .
prediction: i think he did a great job .
truth: not even from rotten tomatoes ? oh well . well could you tell me what should i take some time to watch the film ?
prediction: it s a movie rated not a kid friendly movie
truth: how sad . what kind of dog was it ?
prediction: oh i see . who is in the movie ?
truth: yes it is animated . tom hanks plays woody and tim allen plays buzz those are the main roles
prediction: it s a film of a military movie . it s a thriller of genius !
truth: i am talking about john wick here
prediction: what is the main character ? la comedy ?
truth: i honestly had no idea who martin UNK was . . .
prediction: i think it s a good one !
truth: one of my favorites
prediction: yes it is .
truth: so what genre is the movie ?
prediction: have you seen the movie the blindside ?
truth: mia s character lacks depth
prediction: i would definitely watch it
truth: is there any comedy involved in it ?
prediction: oh that sounds good .
truth: does that seem to be the general consensus ?
prediction: is there a lot of money in the movie ?
truth: the project might be UNK at making new weapons against the soviet UNK
prediction: i would say you might see this movie in theaters but i do not understand the story line but i would have to cut on them
truth: to bad she didnt get the oscar
prediction: yes she is a good actress
truth: i like superman if i have to choose . batman is always so sad and brooding . is the fight pretty intense ?
prediction: you agree ! i love the affleck and superman brand is and martha kent .
truth: it involves entering people s dreams and then dreams within dreams that cause time to UNK . fun to watch unless you UNK about it
prediction: i like the movie
truth: he plays a stock broker named jordan belfort
prediction: it s about a stockbroker that is his business partner and is his job for corruption money and he s so well on his luck .
truth: which one in particular do you like the best ?
prediction: i like action movie
truth: do not like those ?
prediction: oh
truth: i have not seen la la land but apparently it s some j UNK movie .
prediction: doing great !
truth: i am doing well . thanks for asking . have you seen the social network ?
prediction: i am good .
truth: yes i got the document on batman begins .
prediction: i have not seen the movie zootopia
truth: have you seen the movie avengers ?
prediction: i love home alone !
truth: seen any good movies lately
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: hello . what did you think of zootopia ?
prediction: hello
truth: i think elsa is cool but i do not think she should ve hidden that much .
prediction: i think it would be good for a movie to the UNK but i think it was a fantastic .
truth: loved it . i did not suspect a thing !
prediction: yeah it was a well acted that helped put UNK created
truth: yeah they seem very subjective anyway .
prediction: that is pretty good . i do think they are a big names in this movie .
truth: no quinton aaron played big mike in the movie
prediction: i am not sure right ?
truth: i saw that but can not remember much
prediction: i think it was a good movie to watch . it s not complicated
truth: then he wishes for his family to be gone . the electricity turns off leading to watches to stop and the family oversleep
prediction: okay
truth: ok it s UNK a bell now .
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: i am not entirely sure .
prediction: it s a r that populated gosling in hollywood and is scared in a fight with wow in the city of his dreams .
truth: if he is an actor with a lot of experience and talent he was chosen for this character .
prediction: yes he is not sure .
truth: what about it makes it fresh compared to other films ?
prediction: i love her in the movie
truth: is that the only movie you had to review ?
prediction: oh okay . i think i ve seen it but i am not sure who has a lot of good actors
truth: what would you rate it ?
prediction: i agree it s been of my time .
truth: i have watched it
prediction: i like animated movies .
truth: jim carrey pretty much becomes god
prediction: the movie about about his comedy
truth: hi
prediction: the critics say it was a lot of action .
truth: which movie are you talking about ?
prediction: hello !
truth: are you planning on watching soon ?
prediction: i think it was just a classic .
truth: yes exactly . i think they were all well cast for their roles
prediction: yes i agree
truth: the singer dude was in it too . . . the one that was just on super bowl lol
prediction: i think he is a great actor
truth: describe another exciting scene to me please .
prediction: yes . . . . what kind of movie is it ?
truth: oh yes i also watched it after reviewing the ratings
prediction: yes i agree
truth: UNK
prediction: yes . . . is it a true story about the post between post man ?
truth: i guess those ratings do make sense ! it is a kids movie . and from what i remember a bit cheesy .
prediction: it was a really good movie with a kid that had some of the kid .
truth: wow sounds like a really good movie . great actors and director .
prediction: that is a good idea . . . . that is what i do .
truth: i like UNK movie . .
prediction: i liked batman in batman series . . .
truth: what was the movie rated ? ?
prediction: oh i like that . what is the movie about ?
truth: sounds kinda boring is it a drama comedy UNK ?
prediction: i have not seen it yet but i do not know who directed it
truth: doing pretty well !
prediction: i am going to say that one . have you seen it ?
truth: ok how was the reviews
prediction: oh ok . i have not seen it yet
truth: have you ever seen bruce almighty ?
prediction: hi
truth: do you have a document to read me ?
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: iron man the original movie that came out in 2008 is a good movie have you seen it
prediction: hello
truth: it was interesting how sebastian joined a jazz fusion band
prediction: i think he is a passionate of a
truth: oh . is it monster s university
prediction: i do not think i might have to see this one .
truth: oh ! is it a sci fi movie ?
prediction: i think i know that . what kind of characters ?
truth: 3d computer animated
prediction: it is a comedy film .
truth: jason bateman voices a red fox that hustles the rabbit on her first day on parking duty .
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: that interest you ?
prediction: is it a drama movie ?
truth: oh that is right i remember seeing that he was in it .
prediction: that is a good !
truth: yes and i m partial to marvel over dc
prediction: yeah it is .
truth: all of them mentioned how jim UNK performance was hilarious as one of his best movies
prediction: i think it was pretty entertaining . i do not know if i had watch this movie in this movie .
truth: i have heard of them ! i do not know them too well only by name .
prediction: what year did it come out ?
truth: i have not what is it about ?
prediction: i have never heard of him
truth: good day to you as well . i think the movie is exciting and entertaining . what did you think of it ?
prediction: yes i did not like that .
truth: i have listen about it very often .
prediction: that is good .
truth: yes
prediction: i have not seen that movie
truth: yep i has a 92 rotten tomatos rating
prediction: i think i ve seen that movie
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: it was amazing the machine he came up with all the back during ww2
prediction: i think it was a good movie for a long time ago
truth: sollie nickname for solomon brothers which was taken over by UNK . it was a high flying bond trading firm back in the day .
prediction: yeah it s a classic movie .
truth: it has a 92 rating on rotten UNK
prediction: yes
truth: oh ok
prediction: i really liked the scene where the soldier ends up his name over the bad boy in his chest
truth: that is surprising because it got a pretty high rotten tomatoes score .
prediction: it s a good idea
truth: yeah they are they are great kids movies and even entertaining enough for adults .
prediction: oh that is nice .
truth: that is nice
prediction: i think it s a pretty ready for the audience .
truth: i bet ! do you think this movie had a fair rating ?
prediction: i think it looks like the critics looks like it s rated r and they are pretty good
truth: oh ! how cool ! i have only seen one trailer for it .
prediction: yes . .
truth: oh yes ! just like how it s represented in stories and novels !
prediction: howard too . i did not realize it was based on a true story
truth: comic gold
prediction: yes
truth: i believe this was the first installment for the movie series .
prediction: i think he was a pretty good actor .
truth: awesome ! have you seen how to train your dragon then ?
prediction: i am a big fan of animated movies
truth: yes i did not imagine it would be her !
prediction: i am not surprised that it came out in 1990 .
truth: great . it looks like we are chatting about zootopia today
prediction: i am good . how about you ?
truth: not yet . is it worth seeing ?
prediction: yes i have
truth: and he has to find someone to help him get it back . he ends up needing a loan so he goes to the bank of evil .
prediction: he is a great actress .
truth: yeah that sounds intense !
prediction: does the movie seem to make you want to be a pilot or something about it ?
truth: yea he s an interesting character .
prediction: yes i do . i think the batman were pretty good .
truth: heard that it had a cute story line plot
prediction: oh i like that it s a war movie about a boy named named to take a family and leaves the world
truth: and it seems like they make good use of diversity .
prediction: i like this movie because it has pretty good ratings
truth: and it is the plot i do not like
prediction: i think it s a little more
truth: oh right that is true he had a big hand in pixar s early life . the critics sure loved toy story as well .
prediction: i agree . i think that is one of my favorite characters i ve seen him as well .
truth: i agree with the rating as well . my favorite character was ben affleck as batman .
prediction: i agree with the critics as well
truth: yes that does make sense .
prediction: i am not sure why that is . . . . i am not sure if it s been so long on you .
truth: i like that it says it has little dialogue since nolan UNK to create suspense from cinematography and music .
prediction: yes i like films .
truth: what rating system was it ? imbd rotten tomatoes ?
prediction: it s a good story of comedy and adventure too
truth: it came out in 2008 and directed by jon favreau
prediction: it has a lot of hype 100 and actors
truth: it is directed by steven spielberg and starts meryl streep and tom hangs .
prediction: it s about a female book who is the con man !
truth: do you know who joe pesci is ?
prediction: yes i have to watch macaulay movies with macaulay culkin .
truth: i would really like to see this movie if it is good .
prediction: is it a good movie ?
truth: hello !
prediction: hi
truth: yes i was band play
prediction: yes
truth: yes it definitely resonates with the roaring twenties new york which is when the movie takes place .
prediction: famous billionaire is a great director . i do not remember his name .
truth: it was also a novel
prediction: i think the paragraph is pretty bad
truth: its a very UNK movie UNK the critics and the audience something similar happened with the thing UNK
prediction: i agree . i wonder if it had a sequel on rotten tomatoes or not a good movie
truth: the story goes that the child was ordered by his parents to go UNK as UNK for fighting with his brothers who are bullying him
prediction: okay
truth: they were great
prediction: yea i guess he was a good actor
truth: yeah and i liked ace ventura as a kid .
prediction: yeah it s hard to be a sequel .
truth: the only name that i was familiar with is macaulay culkin . was this a film of your childhood as it was for me ?
prediction: i think i ve heard about it but i have not seen it .
truth: yeah !
prediction: i do not think i have true
truth: oh i love sandra bullock
prediction: i think he is a great actress .
truth: good you should see it
prediction: i like her in this movie so it s a summer piece
truth: ok sir
prediction: i have not seen the movie .
truth: he did a good job in this one . batman was a tortured character in this one .
prediction: i think that is a good point too .
truth: ohhhh a classic .
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: you ever seen toy story
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: hello have you seen the shape of water ?
prediction: hello
truth: okay thanks
prediction: yes
truth: it is until he gets enrolled at wingate christian school and gets to play football .
prediction: i am not sure . i am a sports fan .
truth: oh yea and that dean . she was scary
prediction: yes . . . .
truth: yeah he did good voice work in toy story too .
prediction: if you have seen this movie so i was just going to ask your time
truth: new yo UNK city wall street
prediction: would you watch it ?
truth: i did not know that but not surprising .
prediction: i do not think i have watched it but i do not think i know .
truth: it also has lizzy caplan .
prediction: i like that girls .
truth: he s a good character but i do not think this movie represented him well .
prediction: i think that rotten tomatoes rated it out for a low rating
truth: would i ?
prediction: yes
truth: i did not see it in the movies i saw it on tv . did you see the second part
prediction: i think the rating is a great movie .
truth: i have not either . i have heard good things about it !
prediction: i am not sure about it . i am not sure i should know about it . i am not sure what it is .
truth: it does have a lot of big names .
prediction: i think the movie is a great movie . i think the movie is based on a memoir . i think it is based on a true story .
truth: is the sixth film of marvel cinematic universe movie
prediction: it s a superhero movie about superhero team and captain america .
truth: i am good ! how are you ?
prediction: good morning !
truth: hello !
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: exactly . however i would be willing to give it a shot as you mentioned because of the reviews
prediction: i like the guy that is not very good . . . i like her in the end of this film .
truth: he lives in buffalo newyork .
prediction: that is not too .
truth: yeah i ts a fair rating in my opinion .
prediction: i think it s more of a superhero movie . i loved the opening movies .
truth: oh really ? cool !
prediction: i agree . i like the burglars in the burglars .
truth: oh ok
prediction: oh i have not seen the movie but i do not know who she is in the movie
truth: hmmmm i know it might be completely different in genre but this brings me back to times of the UNK of UNK
prediction: i am not a big fan of movies but i am a big fan of estranged . what has you think of the movie ?
truth: metacritic score gives it 76 100
prediction: i love those story
truth: i have seen it multiple times already but yea i would but not as a first choice watch
prediction: i think the movie was great as well as well .
truth: yeah i know what you mean same here i only have like 4 or 6 favorites
prediction: alright
truth: and it s never good when there are three writers lol .
prediction: i think i was surprised to see it i thought it was a great movie .
truth: i agree . the director chris sanders made great use of the voice talent .
prediction: i am not sure about that but it is a movie based on the comic book movie .
truth: when was it released ?
prediction: the movie is about his family eventually on his house father and moves their family him him a family .
truth: directed by steven spielberg ?
prediction: it s a historical political thriller . it s a historical political movie directed by steven spielberg
truth: no i have not . i do enjoy war movies though .
prediction: no i have not . what is it about ?
truth: have you seen the movie ?
prediction: yes i do .
truth: what is the name of the movie that you read about ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone
truth: i did not see it just the ads for it .
prediction: i think he is a great actor .
truth: yeah . then since the tuohy s are a rich family leigh anne s friends judge her and wonder why she is even UNK with this kid
prediction: is he a good team and the fight UNK in the movie ?
truth: must be a ww ! ! movie . i see it takes place in 1940 .
prediction: i am not sure about that . i am not sure . i felt not as much as well .
truth: it has humor that is hidden and the jokes are not so obvious . it has a bit a humor to a serious situation .
prediction: i think it was a good movie and lots of the film is good .
truth: i have not heard of billy crystal
prediction: oh wow that is good . i like billy crystal as the main character
truth: is not justin timberlake a singer ? is he good in this ?
prediction: oh ok .
truth: me too seeing that the movie takes place in the era of the cold war i am less intrested
prediction: yes i do . i love the first one but i think i would have to check it out
truth: thanks
prediction: ok
truth: oooooh i am not really into politics but that does sound interesting .
prediction: oh i know i like that it is not a historical movie ?
truth: i have not seen it
prediction: i agree . i was not it though .
truth: why would i like that
prediction: it came out in 2004 .
truth: did you know it was UNK by hans christian anderson
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: based on the rating it looks like the critics and general population enjoyed it .
prediction: i am not a big fan of the cast though and the actors in this movie is my favorite .
truth: yes
prediction: i agree . . . . . . . . . i think the movie was very good .
truth: UNK tyldum is the director
prediction: yes i really enjoyed the movie . what about you ?
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: yeah that was a very great scene what was your favorite scene from the movie ?
prediction: i agree . i really liked the scene where he was missing when he was going to do it
truth: the cast definitely made the movie .
prediction: i think the ratings are like a lot of action but not like the movie
truth: oh sorry . i misunderstood you . i am actually not sure i would need to look up the rating .
prediction: the movie is pg in the past of harvard s dreams .
truth: yes its ironman
prediction: i think it was a really well done .
truth: you ?
prediction: ok
truth: yes lol i have UNK on . . . i like robert downey jr he s a good actor
prediction: i like them . i like them in a few years ago
truth: s a fantasy drama this movie was rated 8 . 4 10
prediction: i do not know if i do not know what the movie is about stars . . .
truth: that makes sense to me it seemed sort of like a fairy tale in a way
prediction: yes i am glad the movie was made by patty jenkins .
truth: nice ! !
prediction: i did not realize that justin timberlake was involved in it .
truth: its where it all began
prediction: that is a good one
truth: florida is always hot ? ?
prediction: yes
truth: it is categorized under musical drama and romance .
prediction: the main character is played by leonardo dicaprio .
truth: what type of movie is it ? comedy ?
prediction: i think it was a great movie
truth: home alone is my favorite christmas movie
prediction: yes i do not remember the name .
truth: oh i absolutely love wonder woman from years ago .
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: hello there
prediction: hello
truth: yup you can really get to know them in the movie
prediction: i love this movie
truth: ellsberg must have had nerves of style to UNK all of that classified information to the press
prediction: i do not know the name of the movie i have seen in the UNK ! i do have you think about the book of men i have seen .
truth: terrence howard plays as his friend james rhodey and gwyneth paltrow as pepper potts
prediction: i think i ve heard of the movie and i think octavia . is it a good one .
truth: yes according to the review it is very violent .
prediction: i think i might watch it .
truth: i know it was very expensive to make
prediction: i like the actors in this movie
truth: is it a disney movie ?
prediction: oh wow that is not a major fan .
truth: i am sure you are right . these type movies can be a bit cheesy but with this one getting such high marks i am UNK .
prediction: i really like the actors that are the best part of the movie .
truth: do you have any favorite characters ?
prediction: i like the idea of the film .
truth: not sure i have seen other nolan movies or not do you know what else he has produced ?
prediction: i like the movie
truth: very sad you can feel his pain and anger in the movie . he does a great job portraying the pain and anger .
prediction: i think it is a car movie for a comedy .
truth: did you have a favorite moment from the movie ?
prediction: i agree with the critics and imdb it showed a really good story .
truth: hmm we should be able to move to next convo
prediction: i think 62 was the cast with the critics and it was just made for sure
truth: yeah it s a really interesting movie
prediction: i love that it s a neo movie .
truth: yes i do .
prediction: i like fantasy movies .
truth: oh my goodness yes ! such amazing actors in it as well ! robert downey jr . is hilarious as iron man .
prediction: i like it . i think this one was really interesting .
truth: hi i think you should watch lala land . it sounds like it is an amazing movie
prediction: hi
truth: what do you think of the key scene they decided to give us ?
prediction: i think so thrillers did not really well .
truth: but at least they become best friends
prediction: he was a good choice for the fbi of age .
truth: he was making a lot of movies around that time .
prediction: oh wow i do not remember .
truth: is it better then the original batman and superman ?
prediction: that sounds like a good director !
truth: oh that is impressive . so what is the movie about ? what historical time ?
prediction: i am not sure . what else is it like ?
truth: same thing here bro i just want the UNK code
prediction: i do not think i ve seen that one .
truth: it s 140 minutes long .
prediction: i am not sure about the length of the movie
truth: yes exactly fantastic acting
prediction: i like iron man too
truth: gru was a really interesting character too . i liked steve carell and the the voice he used for gru .
prediction: it was a great movie with steve carell as well
truth: i liked how it really takes you back to the time period too .
prediction: i watch it on my time
truth: right this is a disney movie yes ?
prediction: it has 92 on rotten tomatoes and it s also has a really good cast in it
truth: i sure have . love that movie .
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: no i am supposed to learn it from you
prediction: i like the first
truth: and rating is also good
prediction: yes i agree it was a really good cast . i think it was a little slow to see how that was able to the reality .
truth: why yes
prediction: yes
truth: hello good morning !
prediction: hello
truth: i do not know we should talk about the avengers . i liked how the hulk destroyed the UNK it was exciting do you agree ?
prediction: i like the hulk of the movie
truth: the performance from roy UNK as the police chief was exceptional
prediction: i do not know if i do not know if i do not know about that movie .
truth: what happened after the boy made the mechanical wing ?
prediction: i think the dragon is a UNK of UNK times .
truth: miss hardscrabble was meant to them when she failed them for breaking her scream can
prediction: yeah i dont think it was a good movie
truth: joe pesci is a good actor . what do they want ?
prediction: what did you think about the movie ?
truth: is it a good date movie ?
prediction: i like him too
truth: i look for something that appeals to my senses . if it s visually appealing and keeps me engaged then tends to be be a UNK .
prediction: i do not know why it has a score of a though .
truth: not as much action as the recent movies though .
prediction: i have not seen the movie in the marvel franchise .
truth: do not come across such feedback every day . . .
prediction: yes
truth: well it s an animated movie so it is kind of geared towards kids but it s also family friendly
prediction: it s about a supervillian named gru
truth: yes i like this genre
prediction: yes he was a pretty good actor
truth: its great
prediction: i love it .
truth: i have not have you ?
prediction: yes i have .
truth: i am okay . how are you ?
prediction: i am good
truth: let s talk about dunkirk . have you ever seen the film ?
prediction: have you seen this movie ?
truth: hi ! what movie did you read about ?
prediction: hello
truth: yes . do you think shield should develop weapons to stop hostile UNK ?
prediction: i did not know . i did not notice that . i am not a big fan of that .
truth: yeah it can be
prediction: yes it s a dark movie
truth: yep !
prediction: i agree . i agree with that . i wonder why it is the first installment for me .
truth: indeed that seems a bit surreal . thought provoking .
prediction: do you like movies in the theaters or thrown ?
truth: i was slightly confused by it being considered that genre as the majority of the cast is white .
prediction: well i think i would have to check it out .
truth: i see
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: what ?
prediction: no i have not seen it
truth: yeah i like very much share with me anything intersting
prediction: oh really . what is it about ?
truth: i ll definitely have to check it out .
prediction: oh that sounds interesting .
truth: i would have to agree . i watch it a lot .
prediction: i think it is a great movie .
truth: then i would probably find it boring as well
prediction: i am not sure if this movie came out in 2013 it seems like it was not accurate .
truth: who are the actors in it ?
prediction: what is the plot of the movie ?
truth: yes . it is . i believe they won award or two .
prediction: i have not . is it about a movie ?
truth: they have to hunt it down . its a 70 s movie
prediction: it s a very good movie to watch it i think it is a movie to watch
truth: yes my favorite character in the movie is anna herself .
prediction: i think the critics were a good idea for many animated children but i think it s funny and funny .
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: whats an ark reactor ?
prediction: ok
truth: okay
prediction: is it a drama ?
truth: one of the characters is names hardscrabble
prediction: that is a pretty good rating
truth: i ve never heard of him has he directed anything else ?
prediction: i am not sure about that but i am not sure what about the plot ?
truth: i think so too the critics always have something to say about everything though
prediction: i think i should not see it either
truth: it was a good movie .
prediction: it s a very entertaining movie with a 190 million of a dream who builds getting ready and the fellow .
truth: yeah that sounds like jim s style . how was the rotten tomatoes score on it ?
prediction: i thought it was very funny too .
truth: getting to the story . amazing what michael did
prediction: i like the comic book . it s a good one but i would like to the action of the movie
truth: i agree
prediction: i like the story aspect of zuckerberg .
truth: his name is shawn levy .
prediction: it s a thriller movie for john wick film .
truth: i am not familiar with that short story .
prediction: what is it rated ?
truth: the man the UNK and the legend
prediction: yes i have seen that one .
truth: i thought his name was pretty interesting frank abagnale . . .
prediction: i thought it was pretty good .
truth: ya heroin is very nice
prediction: i like the movie .
truth: have you seen any good movies lately ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: hi !
prediction: hello
truth: who plays the guy who inherits the weapons company ?
prediction: oh that sounds interesting .
truth: ohhhh
prediction: yes it was a toy story
truth: do you know if it was filmed on location or on a studio set ?
prediction: i think it s a shark michael nyqvist .
truth: not bad
prediction: i guess so so i guess this is the joker i guess . billy crystal
truth: yeah you got some big stars in it doing voices
prediction: i dont know the name of the movie
truth: i think he also UNK many with his use of animatronics and special effects . we ve come a long way since then
prediction: yes . i agree with the ratings . i think i will be interested in the future .
truth: a beach party where it all starts to happen and the beach UNK .
prediction: i think i saw it in theaters i know it was a classic
truth: she is starring in ocean s 8
prediction: i am a big fan of the subject but i am a big fan of the movie
truth: catch me if you can is a funny title though
prediction: i like robert downey jr . is york as a co alone for his career of this movie
truth: what about carey mulligan ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: so its pretty good ?
prediction: i like leonardo dicaprio
truth: okay . i really liked steve carell as the main character .
prediction: ok
truth: it sure is
prediction: what is it about ?
truth: UNK
prediction: i have not seen this movie yet . have you seen it ?
truth: have you seen this movie ?
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: yes thats him .
prediction: i think that it s a UNK of all time !
truth: jonah hill and rob reiner stars
prediction: it is a very funny movie ?
truth: that is interesting .
prediction: the story is about called the funny kingdom and a journey forest realm .
truth: jay UNK as hiccup is a delight and a highlight for me .
prediction: i agree . i thought the reviews were pretty good . i like the people were pretty good .
truth: yeah that is probably where i would put it . it was good but not amazing haha . how did you like steve carell voicing gru ?
prediction: i do like the characters s amazing in this movie i think i ve seen it .
truth: i found it very interesting and suspenseful .
prediction: it is a great movie i guess dicaprio is pretty interesting to watch this movie
truth: not really . what regular family forgets the kid home ?
prediction: i think the movie is the best movie but i still laugh up for the whole family .
truth: this movie reminds us that we should work as a team .
prediction: i like the hulk . he s a good actor .
truth: gotcha . there are a lot of big names on the bill . . .
prediction: and i really liked the main characters
truth: who is the main character
prediction: i thought it was one of a better comedy . . .
truth: ohh i see . so is this a family movie ?
prediction: carrey plays his girlfriend
truth: basically its batman and superman facing off against each other .
prediction: it is the one with clark kent .
truth: what did it get on rotten tomatoes ?
prediction: i do not know what is it about ?
truth: its about a kid left home alone
prediction: it s about a boy who is mistakenly in the world
truth: he was in a movie directed by christoper nolan . its about a UNK thief who specializes in conning secrets out of peoples dreams
prediction: it is a pretty good movie on rotten tomatoes
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: i agree mostly with the critical response that its a thrilling action adventure film .
prediction: i am not sure if i liked the film . i am also surprised to see it .
truth: maybe if i would decide to watch some more of the director s movies but then i know only one more of his works pan s UNK .
prediction: i think that is a movie that is the only reason to me but not sure if you would like it was a bit rough to watch
truth: i liked all the toy characters they had really good UNK
prediction: i think the animation was amazing !
truth: leo was good but i liked the tom hardy part more . he brought his a game here
prediction: again that is sci fi .
truth: i really cant believe that rotten tomatoes only gave it a 7 . 8 outta 10
prediction: i do not remember the name . it was pretty funny too on rotten tomatoes
truth: could be .
prediction: it is a movie i like more more than it if they wonder how to the movie is a bit of the movie
truth: i think she wanted to just fit in
prediction: i think she did a good job .
truth: sorry . . cryokinetic magic
prediction: hurt to god
truth: i am not sure i know the director . do you know of any other movies he s directed ?
prediction: is the movie his girlfriend in the movie ?
truth: yeah he is a singer UNK originally !
prediction: oh ok that is a good one .
truth: about people and dragons . sort of a comedy .
prediction: it s a historical drama about a princess with a british help shark her to help save college to hunt the world .
truth: i love how he acts
prediction: do you think keanu reeves is in it ?
truth: not really my cup of tea .
prediction: oh
truth: kevin played by macaulay culkin accidentally gets left at home when the rest of his family UNK to paris on vacation .
prediction: it s a great movie about a boy who left his his house and is a young cop .
truth: no have you ?
prediction: yes
truth: it is based on a dc comic boo k about a woman with super powers .
prediction: what is the movie wonder ?
truth: what is your favorite scene in the movie ? does it show the importance of the plot ?
prediction: i like the movie
truth: oh i am down for that film . already have my tickets !
prediction: i saw it in theaters . i would say it s a comedy that movie now .
truth: nick was stereotyped and bullied as a child because he was a fox and was seen as untrustworthy .
prediction: it is a great movie that is hard and puts officer and must love a police officer .
truth: talking about john wick now i would say i love the storyline and probably the theme
prediction: i do not know if i do not like action movies
truth: do you normally watch animated movies ?
prediction: yes it is a great movie for children .
truth: ah cool . would you recommend that i see it ?
prediction: he was also a guy in the book .
truth: ummm i cant remember which character he was
prediction: he s really good one
truth: i like the newer one with the joker !
prediction: the main character is a princess who becomes batman and henry cavill of loki .
truth: the director john lasseter did a great job .
prediction: i think it was a great movie for a superhero movie .
truth: no i have not have you ?
prediction: no i have not .
truth: the great steven spielberg .
prediction: it was directed by steven spielberg .
truth: can you explain the plot ?
prediction: i feel like this one is a little with a comic story .
truth: it s one of those critically acclaimed movies the general audience does not go for
prediction: i like the way it is a great musical .
truth: is it any good ?
prediction: it is a comedy movie that is a fun movie .
truth: sure
prediction: yes i do
truth: what is up
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: is it upbeat or dark
prediction: that is a bad score
truth: oh yeah now i remember
prediction: is there any other famous actresses in the movie ?
truth: i like that the movie does not take itself too seriously . it really feels like a comedy more so then a crime drama
prediction: i agree . i think that it is a comedy that could have been more than true .
truth: what do you mean ?
prediction: i like all of them and i like that it s a true story that is not necessarily
truth: awesome ! i bet he nailed the part as always !
prediction: oh did not get hurt too .
truth: he is a very talented actor
prediction: i like the movie and i like him too !
truth: it is a box office movie
prediction: ya i think we have to watch it with them occasionally
truth: we are they bias ?
prediction: i wouldn recommend it but i wouldn from the document and it s more of a film
truth: it s fairly recent . do you know anyting else about the plot ?
prediction: i like all of the cast and christopher nolan
truth: it s got really good scores on rotten tomatoes too
prediction: the con lead role frank jr .
truth: yes i admire his directing abilities . in jaws he made the shark the central character and brought some depth to it .
prediction: i do not think i have not seen the movie .
truth: oh i love him !
prediction: oh that is right . i am not sure if that is what he acted .
truth: christopher nolan is a great director and this is one of his best .
prediction: i am not sure . i like the way he acted .
truth: i have heard of it ! i have not seen it though . i have read UNK of the book though .
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: no i have not
prediction: i have not
truth: i love thrillers also ones that involve the government like this one i like especially . this movie also has a great cast of actors as well .
prediction: i love the cast of the movie . i also love the cast of the cast . i also love thrillers and rachel mcadams .
truth: what is your question ?
prediction: i think i would have been a copy due for this movie
truth: yes ! wow cryokinetic magic . sounds cool if dangerous .
prediction: that is kind of the first one .
truth: bad guy or good ?
prediction: yes he does
truth: i do not feel like i kid but i get that
prediction: i loved the scene where the starts to the press conference said they were so stupid .
truth: the movie is mostly about sebastian a jazz pianist and mia an aspiring actor who fall in love in los angeles .
prediction: that is pretty good . what was it about ?
truth: thats cool i will have to check it out .
prediction: i like movies too .
truth: i think the ratings are high and agree as well . how many times have you seen this film ?
prediction: i agree with the critics said it was a good movie .
truth: honestly ? no i did not have a favorite scene at all did you ?
prediction: i agree
truth: wow its amazing to hear
prediction: i am not sure about that but i am sure it s good to watch .
truth: i agree !
prediction: oh wow that is a really good cast
truth: yeah
prediction: i have not seen it either but i have not seen it yet .
truth: no parties . he s an 8 year old kid who has to deal with criminals .
prediction: he was a kid player for him . he developed his childhood childhood .
truth: i see and where does the story go from there ?
prediction: who is the main house
truth: what is the plot ?
prediction: i have not heard of angelina jolie in a movie . it is a good movie with a rating of a rating on rotten tomatoes .
truth: im not sure
prediction: yes
truth: i know right ?
prediction: i love it ! it s a animated film from the time and musical with a rotten tomatoes score of 98
truth: ooh okay
prediction: yeah i agree
truth: was a lot of it cgi ?
prediction: so i am not sure what i would say it is .
truth: yeah her parents try to cover up her powers but then they die at sea
prediction: i am surprised you did not know that either .
truth: i also happy
prediction: yes
truth: oh really that looks interesting .
prediction: that is not too a UNK but it is a powers of movie .
truth: good question ! based on the length of the film and cast involved that might be true ! hard to plan around computer effects though . . .
prediction: i am not sure
truth: the genre is drama and it is a biopic because it details biographical information about alan turing .
prediction: it s about a former man eating german and his puppy and eventually causing legal daisy by stealing and compelling assassinations .
truth: yeah the UNK of UNK or something lol
prediction: i had no idea but i only got a big rotten tomatoes score !
truth: it sounds fun . is it old ?
prediction: i have not seen him in other movies .
truth: i like UNK dafoe too .
prediction: yes i like meh but i am not sure what keanu of meh is it ?
truth: i guess all the heroes were important when it came to the world
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: woody and buzz right
prediction: yes it is one of my favorite comedians
truth: ya good
prediction: i am good thanks .
truth: of course ! joss whedon did an amazing job directing it . i saw it again last week .
prediction: yes i love it !
truth: have you seen this movie ?
prediction: have you seen the movie the social network
truth: please wait . i need UNK to read
prediction: hello
truth: it s a comedy so with morgan freeman you seem to get a little of both .
prediction: oh i am not sure . i am not a fan of fan .
truth: should i watch it before justice league ?
prediction: because they have a lot of action scenes
truth: ok great . what company made the film ?
prediction: oh ok i remember to see it ! i like the way of the film is a little rated thriller of the dc universe
truth: i liked it very much . bale caine and oldman were very good . neeson was a step below and i do not like katie holmes very much .
prediction: i think i would have to see the character s performance
truth: nope my husband said we need to watch it but its a holiday movie ?
prediction: i have not seen that one
truth: i agree nick the fox
prediction: do you think the movie s a good ending ?
truth: no i have not but i heard a lot of good about it obviously .
prediction: no i have not
truth: i love comedy films
prediction: i do not know what this movie is it
truth: sounds decent
prediction: that is UNK .
truth: ohh its been a while since i have watched that .
prediction: i have not seen that one .
truth: yep . thats the one .
prediction: yes it is a historical . it s about a super man .
truth: he did a fine job actually .
prediction: i do not have about it
truth: no i have not . what is it about ?
prediction: yes i have i have seen it but i have seen it . have you ?
truth: love the batman series . but cant remember actor .
prediction: yes i have seen the movie the entire night
truth: hello .
prediction: hello
truth: hello . shall we talk about the movie john wick ? i have seen it and can highly recommend it .
prediction: hello
truth: but this sounds good
prediction: i think it s a good movie but the other is good
truth: they lived outside of chicago .
prediction: i do not know where macaulay hara played by tom shadyac .
truth: does leonardo dicaprio gatsby hosts parties in his house ?
prediction: thats an interesting movie
truth: yeah who directed the movie ?
prediction: what did you think about the villain catherine ohara ohara to the UNK himself ?
truth: it seems like a very entertaining movie and it looks like the bad guy got caught by the bunny ha
prediction: i am a big fan of the cast and the actors were pretty good too
truth: well yeah
prediction: i do not know that i ve heard of that either but i ve heard about that .
truth: i suppose it is not for everyone
prediction: i wonder if it was based on a book
truth: sometimes an actor does not make a movie good .
prediction: i like jay gatsby . he is a great actor in this movie .
truth: it s funny i didn t like it at first but as i watched it again and thought about it more i fell in love with the film !
prediction: i thought it was a great movie . i thought it was really funny .
truth: i do not want to give away the ending but a UNK biologist and a shark hunter go after it
prediction: i do not think i have .
truth: yes it is a historical drama directed by morten tyldum loosely based on the biography alan turning the enigma
prediction: yes i have
truth: i think he s better than ben affleck though i can not say why .
prediction: i do not think i have seen it but i ve seen it a few times .
truth: hi
prediction: leonardo dicaprio is in it
truth: i think i did . it seems familar .
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: ok
prediction: i dont know how much name
truth: yes i am interested .
prediction: yes i am
truth: i usually do not care about ratings
prediction: i am not a big fan of the plot but i do think he is the main actor in the movie
truth: sebastian was also very determined to bring in a steady income .
prediction: i like that they had some great white character in ryan gosling
truth: it is based on a true story ! spielberg does a great job making the story flow and easy to follow .
prediction: yes it is . it is a thriller . i have heard about the trailer that meryl streep is a good actress .
truth: is this a type of movie that you typically like ?
prediction: i think it s a great movie for my taste year old and most of the movies that are better than expected
truth: yes
prediction: yes
truth: yeah . the college .
prediction: right .
truth: there was an actor that played mark UNK or however u spell is name
prediction: i think it was a sort of action
truth: do you know any other actors in the movie . ?
prediction: i would love to see . i would like it if you can tell me . i would like it if it s on netflix
truth: has to be the third act where kevin confronts the burglars with his home made traps .
prediction: i think it was a kid movie . i remember watching it when i was a kid
truth: why do i not know that haha i need to catch up on them then .
prediction: i think it s a classic movie .
truth: wasn t there a sequel called evan almighty as well ?
prediction: i would not like that movie
truth: yeah some say it was the best animated musical
prediction: it was a great movie that was a little kid i liked the 3d animated character .
truth: it had good parts
prediction: it s a really good movie
truth: batman vs superman . have you seen it ?
prediction: the shape of wall street
truth: it was okay . i really liked sandra bullock s role
prediction: i think it was a great movie .
truth: pretty good and your self
prediction: i am good . how are you today ?
truth: oh yes that is definitely part of the story but not on the fact sheet yet lol
prediction: yes he is always great .
truth: yep
prediction: i agree . i would give it a 9 10 for the idea but the ratings were pretty low .
truth: i completely agree ! i was surprised how well she nailed the part !
prediction: i think i have seen the original of the movie . i think i ve seen a few of his other work .
truth: ok
prediction: books you think i have not seen the alley in the movie ?
truth: yes . it got a 91 score on rotten tomatoes and had a metacritic score of 73 100 .
prediction: i have not seen this film but i would say that it is set because the people that the turning starts with the characters .
truth: and when caught criticized about pointing it out lol
prediction: i think it was a great choice for the UNK of his puppy and the killing of his puppy was stolen him
truth: another very important character is pepper potts played by gwyneth paltrow she is stark s personal assistant and budding love interest .
prediction: oh wow that sounds interesting .
truth: did you have a favorite scene ?
prediction: i like that it was a great movie and a lot of drama did a chick for the movie did not help it .
truth: the character design was very cute maybe i am just a UNK !
prediction: i think it s a really good movie .
truth: nice sounds interesting .
prediction: oh i like crime .
truth: sci fi and mystery
prediction: it is about a man who played in the criminal underworld who decrypted german intelligence codes for a week .
truth: yes
prediction: no
truth: i have not seen it yet but i have heard good things
prediction: no i have not .
truth: oh i have heard of that one it looks really good
prediction: oh ok
truth: want to talk about a movie ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: any movie suggestions
prediction: have you seen the movie the social network ?
truth: who is the hero ?
prediction: i agree . i also like the movie i think of the movie is accurate and UNK UNK .
truth: ohhhh that guy ! i just googled him yes he is scarecrow .
prediction: i think the critics are supposed to say the dark knight
truth: it s lucky that stark was imprisoned in that cave with a doctor
prediction: i agree ! ! ! !
truth: he UNK a top if it falls down then he is awake . if it keeps spinning he is dreaming
prediction: i do not know . what is it about ?
truth: UNK you know mess ?
prediction: yes ya
truth: olof is hilarious ! i think the songs are great too .
prediction: i like olof movies . i like to like her sister and i like olof sister doesn was the sister of the sister
truth: well morgan freeman plays the role of god . jim carey tells god he isnt doing his job right
prediction: the actors were very good too .
truth: it sounds like it . the movie also has the first appearance of gal gadot as wonderwoman
prediction: it also has to be good to watch due to the movies .
truth: was it made in america ?
prediction: i think the movie was pretty funny
truth: i am not sure how many he had but i think there were relatives that went with on the trip and he got lost in the UNK
prediction: i agree with the reviews and the critics said it is a good movie . i liked how many things the movie were so fun to the movie
truth: it s ok but way too long .
prediction: i have seen it . i was a big fan of the movie
truth: yeah you may be right there .
prediction: oh i see that !
truth: sandra bullock yes .
prediction: i am not sure but i am not sure .
truth: i saw it when it came out . although to be quite honest i do not really remember much about it .
prediction: no i have not
truth: doing well
prediction: i am good . how are you ?
truth: hi how are you ?
prediction: hi
truth: it sounds awesome
prediction: oh that sounds interesting
truth: i like billy and steve as actors
prediction: oh cool . . . . . .
truth: another one with him in it was UNK rich
prediction: i would not watch the movie but i am not sure what a lot of the movie
truth: i know thats crazy to think about hahah
prediction: i agree it was not as factual though .
truth: i can see that
prediction: yeah that is very good . i like how they made an adult story .
truth: what happened ?
prediction: i would say so
truth: fair enough . never thought of him as an actor
prediction: yes it was released in 2016 .
truth: yes rotten tomatoes gave this a 92 so i think it would be good to watch it
prediction: rotten tomatoes gave it a pretty good score .
truth: i really loved the office so i guess that where i get it from
prediction: yeah i think i would be to see it if you thought it was a good movie
truth: oh is this an animated or cartoon movie ? i ve never heard of it .
prediction: i am not sure about that but i have not seen urban dream in the future
truth: hmm i have heard a lot of good things about it so i might check it out .
prediction: oh i like those that
truth: yeah ? what was it called ?
prediction: i have not seen that movie .
truth: yeahhh
prediction: yes he is a good one
truth: bruce almighty
prediction: the movie is the wolf of wall street
truth: i thought it was excellent
prediction: i love it !
truth: so the movie you should watch is batman vs superman
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: captain america make a decision with group
prediction: i watched captain america !
truth: i like that pizza planet was such an iconic part of the movie its where things go UNK
prediction: i liked how they showed him a story and he got to put a scarer job at the end
truth: most of the movie is about frank trying to avoid the law as he pretends to be lots of different people
prediction: thats cool
truth: sequels did not match the orig
prediction: i mean the best movies are good to see
truth: m taking the kid aurora was interesting turn of events
prediction: i thought the message was pretty cool
truth: who is the female lead actor ?
prediction: i know that is what is it about ?
truth: it s true . they definitely have a sort of love hate relationship .
prediction: i like him .
truth: oh okay
prediction: i would think it would be interesting .
truth: yes i completely agree !
prediction: i agree .
truth: it came out in 2014 and is apparently set up for a sequel as well
prediction: what is the genre about ?
truth: those are great scores everyone must really love that movie
prediction: yes
truth: and only a 46 from metacritic . also not a great score .
prediction: jim carrey played a news reporter
truth: yes i have
prediction: i would like to watch the movie
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: kevin s home . . . the kid
prediction: the ending is named that was the last true army
truth: it does not really say just says her characters name is gracey connelly .
prediction: it is a thriller .
truth: try and abort the conversation
prediction: i just do not know much about this
truth: yeah . and then in a later scene he goes back to afghanistan in red armor and beats up the people that captured him .
prediction: yes . i was going to do with them .
truth: is there a lot of action in the movie ?
prediction: i love the movie
truth: no i do not know that
prediction: i have not seen it but i am a big shark of the cast . it s about a shark who is originally and white shark
truth: hey it sounds really cool then . . . and the director who is it ? must be someone very recognized in their work
prediction: i think it s a great movie
truth: he is .
prediction: i like him too .
truth: bye
prediction: i think so
truth: what are the others ?
prediction: what was your favorite part of the movie ?
truth: how long is the movie ?
prediction: woody is a genius for woody as woody and chris renaud as an airline as buzz lightyear
truth: yeah . . . totally unexpected ending ! my favorite part was when cobb was messing around in saito s head !
prediction: yes i really liked the story of the film .
truth: made in america ?
prediction: i think the movie was pretty low
truth: yes he is the main charachter
prediction: i do love his name .
truth: yes i agree . the animals are very cute .
prediction: i like cute
truth: i ve never seen this one .
prediction: yes i am a big fan of the movie
truth: no not at all
prediction: i think it s been a long time ago
truth: ultimately it was the kids so stopped victor from shrinking everything with a shrink ray .
prediction: the hero is good and the chris pine is very good
truth: yes a small brokerage firm in long island UNK in penny stocks
prediction: i think dicaprio is the funniest in the cave too .
truth: perfect love story
prediction: i agree . i love it ! i think it should be higher to watch it with a 62 percent
truth: i agree
prediction: i am not familiar with that either .
truth: some UNK planet called themyscira
prediction: i think the movie is based on the comic book .
truth: tony stark the billionaire playboy ceo inventor
prediction: i think the fight between a big weapons is the genius
truth: it still seems like it would be interesting despite this being a bit disappointing .
prediction: i am not sure about that either but it is still entertaining .
truth: yes they do
prediction: i like all of them . i think that is a true story .
truth: ok done
prediction: oh nice . i am interested to see the group on group .
truth: do you think this sounds like a movie you would want to watch ?
prediction: it was based on a book of a book and a cinemascore of a .
truth: racheal adams is wonderful as well ! ! !
prediction: i think so too
truth: tina fey wrote it
prediction: ya
truth: i agree tom hanks is awesome . i also liked tim allen as buzz lightyear .
prediction: i thought it was great !
truth: jaws . the one from the 1980s ?
prediction: jaws is a great movie i think that is a good one .
truth: no i havent seen it
prediction: no i have not .
truth: this comment is more positive an impressionist masterpiece that was deeply moving but without manufactured sentimentality or false UNK .
prediction: i know that is a good rating
truth: ther re are supporting characters that UNK some romance sex UNK
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: okay so i wonder what we are supposed to exchange messages about ?
prediction: i agree .
truth: oh wow tell me what they did to the UNK
prediction: i wonder if it was honestly a comedy
truth: who is this mugger ?
prediction: what did you think about the movie ?
truth: yep
prediction: yes i do
truth: right yeah
prediction: lol . . . . .
truth: which do you think is the best actor in the cast ?
prediction: i think it s a very good movie .
truth: have you seen this movie before ?
prediction: yes
truth: i agree and it was a cool angle to see the main character as the classic antagonist
prediction: i do not think i do not think i ve seen any of those either in the iron man .
truth: this is quite an odd task .
prediction: what is the main characters ?
truth: okay . . . .
prediction: i agree . i think the movie was not as good as the first in the film
truth: the idea of facebook or the movie
prediction: i think so too . for sure how to do your favorite i think it was .
truth: a giant man eating great white shark
prediction: it stars angelina jolie in it and how it is about a fictional who attempts a police officer .
truth: okay ! great movie
prediction: i am a big fan of we are talking about toy story
truth: yeah i do like them
prediction: hello !
truth: she has 10 hours to solve the case about animals UNK to their UNK state .
prediction: i really liked the music where he worked her .
truth: awesome is it a short movie or a long movie ?
prediction: it s based on a book of the same name of the film ?
truth: a while back back
prediction: i agree
truth: true many things have their good and evil UNK .
prediction: i like that they showed me cry in a big city of a movie .
truth: that does sound very interesting especially considering most people have wanted that UNK for a long time .
prediction: so a lot of superman and not batman into a battle .
truth: keanu reeves as john wick
prediction: leonardo dicaprio is the main actor .
truth: no i have not seen it
prediction: no i have not
truth: i ve liked her in a few things .
prediction: i like the idea of the main character .
truth: okay
prediction: i like it
truth: first of all it s an animated musical fantasy which tells the story of a fearless princess on a journey to find her estranged sister
prediction: it s a musical movie about a rabbit cop her sister anna
truth: i thought it was great . a little bit of horror and a little bit of fantasy
prediction: i have not .
truth: yes . i know i like the cast .
prediction: it s a black comedy based on jordan belfort belfort .
truth: its a very good movie i am not sure why they scored it so low on cinemascore
prediction: i have not seen it
truth: i have not interesting review . i will have to check it out !
prediction: i have not seen it .
truth: yes sounds like a cash in title
prediction: yes it was not even though it was not as good as it was not even though .
truth: hi how are you ?
prediction: hello
truth: lot of financial crime in this movie . i wonder if wall street is really like this now .
prediction: scorsese . . . .
truth: how long is the movie ?
prediction: i like war movies .
truth: i am not a big fan of them i like action drama horror or comedy films .
prediction: lol i do like fantasy movies . i like fantasy UNK movies . i really like fantasy movies .
truth: yea mark ruffalo does not seem like he s into the character at all !
prediction: yea hulk hulk
truth: i better like sifi movies
prediction: oh that sounds like she is not so good . i am not sure how long is the movie ?
truth: is the movie very violent ?
prediction: i think it was great
truth: me too . moves quickly too
prediction: yes
truth: she did do a fine job in the film
prediction: i agree that the movie was a good idea for a long time
truth: all character perform well
prediction: i think he is an excellent actor in this movie
truth: awesome . what is the genre ?
prediction: i am not sure .
truth: superman becomes a controversial figure thats an interesting angle
prediction: what else did he play in the reason ?
truth: can only discuss from the document in front of us
prediction: i do not know . i heard macaulay culkin was hilarious in this movie
truth: did you like adventure movie
prediction: yes i have seen it . it s the first comedy movie made in the top i think
truth: no what is it about ?
prediction: i have not .
truth: i recommend that you watch dunkirk .
prediction: i do not . i do like this movie .
truth: hey user 2 i am doing well .
prediction: good !
truth: i would highly recommend it . it is a comedy but it is not afraid to dig into human emotions and really grip you with the story line .
prediction: i think it was a good ending .
truth: you could check online or on imdb where inception scored 8 . 8 out of 10 .
prediction: yes it was a great movie for a while .
truth: now every time i look at the moon i think about doing that myself .
prediction: what is your favorite scene ?
truth: of course like i said i love dc movies haha .
prediction: haha i remember it s batman s a classic i love it .
truth: i do enjoy jason bateman .
prediction: i am not sure if it is a comedy named wilde played by martin scorsese ?
truth: he a very typical con artist per his fox trait . i feel bad for judy hopps thought . she bit naive .
prediction: i do like the message and lifelike too .
truth: UNK
prediction: yes i do
truth: he runs away after the divorce of his parents and scams pan am an airline for over 2 . 8 millions
prediction: yes
truth: well i will say that one with kate UNK was exceptional .
prediction: haha . haha is a good choice to keep the whole thing . i thought it was a little over the top .
truth: i ve never read the book . so i did not know what to expect .
prediction: what is your favorite part ?
truth: i agree .
prediction: yes i agree . i thought he was the perfect iron man .
truth: it looks like it would be a good war movie .
prediction: it is an animated film movie by ginnifer goodwin
truth: it is about the washington post .
prediction: it is a great movie .
truth: i think she s awful .
prediction: it s a movie that it s a movie
truth: i really like jason bateman .
prediction: i agree . i also loved it . i also liked it as a kid i think it is a classic movie .
truth: toy story
prediction: i have
truth: and critic UNK ?
prediction: i think about his own was not sure .
truth: ah i see . yes i noticed that the animation was very detailed .
prediction: i think they would be a real girls would have been more so i am sure it could be a real life .
truth: i have the doc on my end
prediction: yes .
truth: it s hard to pick just one favorite ! . . . i know !
prediction: i agree . i am not sure what about you ?
truth: there is a supervillain gru
prediction: i like this movie it if you have not seen it in theaters
truth: sure is
prediction: comic movies
truth: well the critics were adults after all
prediction: i agree . i have seen it
truth: fitting them into one movie
prediction: i am surprised rotten tomatoes score is low . i think the movie is a low score . i think it s a great critic made a movie that would
truth: do you know who it is directed by ?
prediction: oh i see that spencer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
truth: yes i ve watched it several times . still one of the most thrilling pictures i ve ever watched .
prediction: i am not familiar with that
truth: indiana i am from chicago
prediction: the movie is about the main character the main character the world war the new new england town
truth: leonardo dicaprio is my favorite actor and i thought he did a great job in this movie !
prediction: i have not .
truth: leonardo dicaprio jonah hill margot robbie
prediction: it s a black comedy based on the memoir of jordan belfort .
truth: yes it is set in new york .
prediction: yes
truth: me too ! one of my favorite movie
prediction: what is the name of this movie
truth: did you like the movie the avengers ?
prediction: how are you today ?
truth: no haha it is an animated movie
prediction: i do not think i ve seen the original one a night or 15 in the future of the year .
truth: oh yeah .
prediction: i think she is a good supporting .
truth: john legend really has talent .
prediction: i agree . i love her scenes in other films .
truth: yes
prediction: i agree
truth: daisy buchanan
prediction: carey . . . . .
truth: kind of old
prediction: it is a very good movie and it has a lot of great actors in it
truth: it is about an immortal amazonian princess diana
prediction: it s an action movie
truth: there were good reviews . for instance one review said the movie provides a welcome UNK from dc s house style of grim darkness
prediction: the movie is based on a dc comics character named hiccup by gal gadot .
truth: not really .
prediction: i have not .
truth: i ve never seen it but i have heard good things
prediction: i am not a big fan of sports
truth: hulk to UNK man
prediction: i like the character as the character .
truth: yeahhh
prediction: i think he s a lot part
truth: i have not seen the movie iron man have you ?
prediction: good
truth: no . i have not watched it . but love to but it seems like a fantasy movie which i dislike .
prediction: it is a good comedy .
truth: yes . what did you think of christian bale as batman in the new movie batman begins ?
prediction: i think it s an animated movie .
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: i did not even realize it was based on a book .
prediction: i do not like animation movies .
truth: i thought it might .
prediction: i think that is a big part of the scene where princess on the first
truth: what is the basic plot line again ? remind me
prediction: i am a big fan of the main characters
truth: thank you for your time .
prediction: i am not sure i would say it s a movie about the battle .
truth: i agree
prediction: yes i agree with the critics that it s a high rating on rotten tomatoes . that is pretty good .
truth: ok so is the main character a part of the dream or is he she a real person ?
prediction: is it a family ?
truth: yes malificent is actually a powerful fairy that lives in the moors which is a magical forest that borders a human kingdom .
prediction: maleficent on the island on the island the queen response is pretty cool .
truth: and the blue berries in the gun !
prediction: yes i have no he made a good job of the imitation .
truth: it s 89 on there . it s great ! one critic said it was the best animated disney musical since the little mermaid and beauty and the beast
prediction: i think it was a good film . it has some good ratings .
truth: well since we need to discuss home alone we should discuss that
prediction: i love the movie and i really enjoyed the movie the social network in the cinematic universe .
truth: i like when jim UNK the UNK soup .
prediction: i think that is the movie is about that that is something to be burglars
truth: he s not for everyone thats for sure . i am a big fan of his stuff .
prediction: i thought it was pretty good . i thought it was pretty hilarious for a while .
truth: did you watch any of the prior marvel universe films before watching it ?
prediction: i think so too
truth: yes i have watched it
prediction: oh ok
truth: who is in it ?
prediction: i did not realize that
truth: marvel !
prediction: hi .
truth: did you see it in theaters originally ?
prediction: oh cool . what is the movie about ?
truth: oh wow . an english movie . that is different .
prediction: i like that it was not that english
truth: i am really interested now . i have seen the second one . but i would not mind seeing the first one .
prediction: i think they are not so much better than stars as stark but it is a avengers movie .
truth: oh wow the characters are frat members and everything how cute
prediction: i have to watch billy crystal or the main films
truth: who stars in the movie ?
prediction: what is the plot ?
truth: awesome i love true stories . what genre is it ?
prediction: i like that they a lot of money that was a true story .
truth: yeah for sure . i think it s crazy that he was such a notorious con artist at 19 and was so successful
prediction: i think he was a good choice for his part .
truth: i see it was executive produced by steve jobs . i wonder if that is the same steve jobs from apple .
prediction: yes it was a great movie .
truth: is that a weak animal in this world ?
prediction: i do not know if judy is a rabbit that is not necessarily to judy but i am sure that is a rabbit to the movies .
truth: chris hemsworth role also UNK good . he well played prince asgard role
prediction: i agree . i am not familiar with that but the action is set by a peter benchley superhero .
truth: yeah i saw it when it was first released it was a great movie . it felt less serious and much more fun than other superhero movies .
prediction: i do not agree with the critics but i would say i would not see this movie .
truth: wonder women
prediction: i saw it a lot
truth: no i have not seen it but i ve heard of it . how is it ?
prediction: no i have not seen it . what is it about
truth: hey ! i certainly have seen toy story . woody and buzz s rivalry formed an important part of my childhood
prediction: yes
truth: the shape of water ?
prediction: i have not seen this movie
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: okay how long is it
prediction: eisenberg timberlake is in justin timberlake ?
truth: hard to believe of all people they left their son . but that was the whole point of the movie .
prediction: i agree . i think the ratings are not that true .
truth: yeah it s not that old yet
prediction: oh wow that sounds interesting
truth: rotten tomatoes has given it an average of 9 . 2 10 n imdb 8 10 . good reviews
prediction: yeah i agree
truth: yes i totally agree with the morgan freeman being a great ground . he is such a good actor .
prediction: i agree that the actors did not seem like this movie
truth: 2003 ?
prediction: lol
truth: have you seen anything else by del to ro ?
prediction: yes i like her
truth: oh . who is in it ?
prediction: oh i do not know if that is a movie about right ?
truth: yeah i am here
prediction: yes i have seen it .
truth: is it the sequel to monsters from disney pixar ?
prediction: yes . . . . . . . . . . .
truth: which movie are you talking about ?
prediction: i really like that movie
truth: i think so i can not think of any other off the top of my head
prediction: yes
truth: all good !
prediction: i am doing well .
truth: i love him !
prediction: is it ?
truth: this movie is the blind side . have you seen it ?
prediction: have you seen the movie ?
truth: hello .
prediction: hello
truth: does the review say if the movie is long in length or average ?
prediction: i see that
truth: the story was . . . pretty not bad . there were a decent amount of twists at least seeing it written down .
prediction: i agree that is true . the appropriate is pretty much betrayal .
truth: yeah but it does happen though you get tired of one and then get a new one
prediction: i think i saw the thought one .
truth: i like the beginning when loki encounter the other the leader of an UNK race .
prediction: i think it s a 3d movie .
truth: it s not as hot as like frozen or some of the other ones
prediction: kids
truth: 2013 i do believe
prediction: i like jonah hill
truth: he is extremely talented
prediction: yes it s a shame that has a bunch of UNK done .
truth: it s about a down on his luck reporter who complains to god and is offered a chance to be god for a week .
prediction: it s a superhero movie about a reporter who is played by jim carrey and is a good god .
truth: my 4 year old loves it minus the furnace scene which actually scares her
prediction: oh i see
truth: i found it okay . what that kid thinks up .
prediction: it was funny .
truth: john wich is an american action movie of a retired hitman . keanu reeves acts in this movie
prediction: i like how keanu keanu happened in the movie
truth: it is particularly in one which has received such a wide release . do you generally watch movies which have received good reviews like this one ?
prediction: yes i have there is a movie .
truth: how did you find it ?
prediction: i thought it was a great movie
truth: the movie is la la land .
prediction: it action .
truth: like ?
prediction: how are you
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: it says frozen is both UNK of disney s UNK cultural relevance and UNK of its coming to UNK with own legacy . . .
prediction: i think they are a pretty good movie
truth: nick s character really did develop . i think my favorite moment is when judy is assigned to give out tickets and she tickets hundreds of cars .
prediction: i think they are a favorite moment
truth: sounds good to me what does the kid do in the movie ?
prediction: i think she s a kid .
truth: yeah he had like an advantage over woody his suit was awesome
prediction: yes it was
truth: sounds like something my boyfriend would like but i wo not . do you think it s a good date night movie ?
prediction: i am not sure what other movies i have to watch france .
truth: yeah . i was about 10 . scared me out of my mind
prediction: i think i would have to watch it again .
truth: the production of this movie began in 2011 with a budget of 190 million .
prediction: i think they are going to be in the movie
truth: how old are you ?
prediction: yes he was great .
truth: who else is in the movie ?
prediction: what is he the character for this year ?
truth: oo ok lol
prediction: that is a really good point i remember
truth: lol
prediction: oh i do not think i ve seen it but i like the second scenes in general .
truth: i am not real ly into romantic comedies so i do not think i would be interested in this movie .
prediction: it s a very good movie i am interested in watching it . it s got on a long rating on rotten tomatoes .
truth: he is in my top 5 favorite actors .
prediction: i am not sure . i am not bad .
truth: UNK how about you ?
prediction: the post is great
truth: have you seen the social network ?
prediction: hello
truth: what movie is that ?
prediction: hi !
truth: 78 on rotten tomatoes as well .
prediction: yes
truth: it depends on the kid really .
prediction: it is .
truth: its a good family movie do you have kids ?
prediction: i am a big fan of the film before
truth: yes she was jim UNK girl friend in this movie he was an upcoming reporter
prediction: i like the character more in this movie morgan freeman
truth: what is this movie about ?
prediction: oh i like him . lol
truth: hmm interesting . world war 2 sounds like a UNK action film . what is the genre of the film ?
prediction: what is the name of the movie ?
truth: i believe they would like it .
prediction: i thought it was a good movie with a cinemascore at a
truth: all great actors . a list in my opinion . what is the movie about ?
prediction: oh wow that is pretty good . what is it about ?
truth: oh cool .
prediction: oh i have not seen that movie .
truth: yes it also has john leguizamo and willem dafoe
prediction: he played his role well and he goes to take on the earth and killed the killing on his car and basically .
truth: not really . it s fine .
prediction: you would not watch it .
truth: it sounds like a great movie
prediction: i like the story line
truth: its a 2017 american fantasy drama
prediction: it s a fantasy film based on the story of the first female publishers of a major american fantasy drama
truth: what movie was that ? i think i watched the same catch me if you can ?
prediction: oh ok i have not seen true either .
truth: i liked it a lot too it reminds me of a lot of cliques that were going on in highschool
prediction: i really liked it
truth: hello !
prediction: hello
truth: who played lex luthor again ?
prediction: yeah that was a good choice but i think that the batman is one of my favorite actors in a better movie
truth: oh ! that is awesome . is it set in the past the present or the future ?
prediction: i think it s a thriller of the movie and i have seen it thousands and i like the characters and they are not
truth: comedy is probably my favorite genre
prediction: what happens ?
truth: do you generally watch movies with good ratings ?
prediction: i like the reviews of the movie
truth: yea much people do not really know about it something about old movies
prediction: i am not sure but i am not sure if it s 140
truth: no it does not say anything about that .
prediction: i think the imdb rating of the movie is the movie and enjoyable .
truth: i liked the overall feel of the movie seemed to be set in the past although i do not remember if it was set in the past .
prediction: the story was also good .
truth: but i know the series was real popular
prediction: i think i saw it in theaters
truth: yes
prediction: i like the character and a lot of movies are not giving
truth: ah i see they are super funny
prediction: the movie is called the story of the same dragon
truth: so what makes you say that ? was it funny ? any adult humor in it for the parents ?
prediction: i think it was a really good movie
truth: what does he complain about ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: so mean
prediction: yes
truth: ratings are pretty high !
prediction: i think it was a comedy . i think it was a funny movie .
truth: yes it was quite the UNK for the scientific genre
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: good morning
prediction: hello
truth: it s it a colorful movie
prediction: its a film that is still a comedy .
truth: but oceans 12 and 13 were bad
prediction: i liked the scene where he was very good to be a scarer of UNK to do them in any other movies
truth: yeah thanks for your suggestion anything wrong in that movie
prediction: i think diana is a story in a strange of diana
truth: man this movie sounds amazing just on the talent alone .
prediction: i think so too .
truth: so good
prediction: that sounds like a good movie
truth: i laughed so hard when dr . nefario and his minions shrink and steal the moon .
prediction: i like all of the actors of the scene where aurelio students the jericho .
truth: any huge stars in this movie ?
prediction: that is pretty good . do you know how long was it from ?
truth: really ? i guess just a little biased because it had morgan freeman
prediction: i like jim carrey
truth: does it have a good cast ?
prediction: what is the plot of the movie ?
truth: i did not realize tina fey directed it
prediction: i liked the movie as well
truth: i have only recently gotten into science fiction though . . .
prediction: i like the movie as well .
truth: i ve heard of it but have not seen it . is it good ?
prediction: i have not seen it . what is it about ?
truth: what was your favorite part of the movie ?
prediction: i really like the casting . i loved it .
truth: good you ?
prediction: i am doing great how about you ?
truth: great yourself
prediction: hello !
truth: hi
prediction: hello
truth: spielberg directed it . i do not know if that makes him the cinematographer or not .
prediction: it s filmed how long they did it come out ?
truth: that is cool is he a vigilante or UNK by UNK ?
prediction: i like the role of this role . he is always a bit of this kind .
truth: looks like the critics gave this movie a low score though
prediction: i do not think so
truth: well you should see it to be able to tell you well in which part of the film is what i do not like .
prediction: i like the movie but i do not like to waste movies i like them
truth: 88 and 83 100
prediction: it got a cinemascore of a
truth: so real that buzz was able to impress other toys !
prediction: they were great
truth: oh wow . that was a while ago .
prediction: oh okay . . . . . but it s not complicated for kids
truth: haha it felt like a near UNK side story but hey whatever UNK their boat
prediction: oh ok .
truth: no
prediction: i like that i am a fan of ray but i think it is a good movie or something for both things
truth: they are good actors .
prediction: i have not seen that he is a legend but i really like leonardo dicaprio .
truth: angelina jolie portrays the main character how well does she do in this role ?
prediction: what is the movie about ?
truth: about 50 100 or 5 10 ratings .
prediction: i am not sure if i would say that is .
truth: it has been a long long time since i seen the movie jaws !
prediction: i love the movie
truth: have you seen the movie catch me if you can ?
prediction: have you seen the movie home alone ?
truth: hey there !
prediction: hello
truth: hello ! how are you ? did you enjoy this movie ?
prediction: hi
truth: uh yeah there s something about UNK documents and the nixon administration . you know . one of those types of films
prediction: yes
truth: the scene that i like the most is when iosef takes jhon wicks mustang
prediction: i think so too
truth: i guess
prediction: i think it s a shame movie i think that is why i would be interested to see her
truth: is this a disney or dreamworks movie
prediction: yeah
truth: i cant believe that one of the critical responses was bogged down over 140 minutes . i thought it was very exciting myself .
prediction: i think i would have to check it out .
truth: do you like sci fi movies
prediction: i think i saw the trailer .
truth: yeah i agree .
prediction: yes i have
truth: yes
prediction: i like him too
truth: it was also greatly accepted by critics
prediction: i agree ! i think the 3d is great to see disney and the original animated movies i think the 3d one was really hated .
truth: interesting who plays the kid ?
prediction: i do kid it about a lot
truth: oh well i dont really though but the ratings of the one we are talking about is quite good
prediction: i am not sure
truth: i have seen the post !
prediction: no i have not . what is it about ?
truth: hello
prediction: hello
truth: hello
prediction: hello
